






Elevate Your Business with 10Web | Build Your Website with AI





























 












AI

AI Website Builder
AI Ecommerce
AI Assistant
AI Business Name Generator
AI Marketing Strategy Generator
AI SEO tool


Ecommerce
Ecommerce
WordPress

Automated WordPress hosting
BuddyBoss hosting
1-click migration
Real-time backup
Security
PageSpeed Booster


Plugins
Blog
Blog
Affiliates
Affiliates
Pricing

Platform
PageSpeed Booster


Log in/Sign in


Generate Your Website 




















AI

AI Website Builder
AI Ecommerce
AI Assistant
AI Business Name Generator
AI Marketing Strategy Generator
AI SEO tool


Ecommerce
Ecommerce
WordPress

Automated WordPress hosting
BuddyBoss hosting
1-click migration
Real-time backup
Security
PageSpeed Booster


Plugins
Blog
Blog
Affiliates
Affiliates
Pricing

Platform
PageSpeed Booster


Log in/Sign in
 


Log in/Sign in


Generate Your Website 








You Are About to Signup For Hosting Trial

You Are About to Signup For Hosting Trial


Try 10Web Managed Hosting

Get Started for Free




Just Get the Plugin

get the plugin











Get in touch with our team of sales experts

Get help evaluating if 10Web is right for you
Get a special offer for high traffic websites
Get an exclusive deal for over 10 websites





1M+ active users











For technical questions and inquiries please contact our 24/7 support team
via the live chat.



Talk to our sales specialists
We will help you find a solution that fits your needs the best.



Got it







Launch and grow your business
online with AI

Create a website using AI Website Builder, host
it on 10Web Hosting, and optimize it with 
PageSpeed Booster. 

Generate Your Website
No credit card
required





1M+ websites created




































All the tools you need for your 
website



AI Website Builder
Build or recreate any website with AI and get
AI generated content and images in minutes. 
Customize it with 10Web editor based on Elementor.

Learn more 





AI Ecommerce Website Builder
Build your Ecommerce business with the help 
of AI. Easily sell and grow anywhere, everywhere.

Learn more 





Automated Hosting
Host your website on the fastest, fully automated hosting for
WordPress that’s powered by Google Cloud.

Learn more 





PageSpeed Booster
Optimize your website to receive a
90+ PageSpeed score, improved Core Web Vitals, and better performance.

Learn more 











Build a professional website with the
help of AI
Create your website with AI-generated content
and images effortlessly.


Create a website with AI
Edit your website
Add pages with AI
Recreate any website




Start creating your website with AI
Create and customize your unique website within minutes.

Answer a few simple questions about your business
AI will generate tailored content and images based on your answers
Customize your content and images
Add more pages and complete your website













Level up your editing process
Create and customize your unique website 
within minutes. Easily customize your website using our intuitive drag-and-drop editor and
premium widgets, all in one place. Ensure full responsiveness across all screens, and experiment
with design elements, styles, colors, and typography.












Add pages with AI
Choose the way you want to add pages and complete your website.

Insert the URL of any web page to recreate the layout
Choose from our library of ready-made layouts
Start with a blank canvas and build from scratch













Recreate any website
Like a website and want to make one similar? 
Let AI save you hours of work in just minutes.

Simply insert the homepage URL
AI will copy the layout, design elements, and content
Customize with drag and drop editor
Add more pages and complete your website














Generate Your Website





































































Automated Hosting for your website









Reliable website performance
Never worry about hosting downtimes and technical maintenance again.
With 99.9% uptime and elastic scaling, your websites will be up
and running at all times, so you can focus on other tasks.























Real-time backups
Set and schedule real-time backups for all your websites using
10Web. Our service guarantees that you’ll never experience any data loss and can focus on other aspects
of your website.























1-click migration
Save time on migrating any website to 10Web and avoid
dealing with technical issues. Immediately get an optimized copy of your
website hosted on 10Web with 90+ PageSpeed Score.























Security
Here at 10Web we value security above all else. We monitor
all websites hosted on 10Web for security breaches, malware detection, DDoS attacks, preventing 
brute force attacks, and more.























User & team management
Collaborate with your team members and clients from one workspace.
Invite your team to your workspace, give them granular access to work on different aspects
of the site.



































Scale your Ecommerce business
Experience unlimited growth opportunities for 
your Ecommerce business with 10Web. Get unparalleled performance, reliability,
and ease-of-use with 10Web AI Ecommerce Website Builder.

AI Website Builder integration
Product page customization with AI
Product description generation with AI
Easy-to-use dashboard for product management
Inventory and order tracking
WooCommerce powered backend














Generate Your Website






AI tools for your business success



AI Business Name Generator
Effortlessly generate captivating and memorable business names
using AI, at no cost.

Generate Business Names 





AI Marketing Strategy Generator
Leverage the power of AI to create your winning marketing
strategy and achieve exponential revenue growth.

Generate Strategies 





WordPress AI Assistant
Write and perfect SEO-optimized content with AI 10X faster
in Gutenberg and Classic Editor.

Learn more 





AI Assistant SEO Pack
Improve your website SEO, increase your website rankings
and fix SEO and readability errors in Yoast SEO.

Learn more 








Automated PageSpeed Booster with Cloudflare CDN
Supercharge your website’s performance and speed with ease.





Website optimization
Image optimization
Cloudflare CDN












Website optimization
Complete frontend optimization on any hosting that gives
WordPress websites:

90+ PageSpeed score
Improved Core Web Vitals
50% faster load times
Higher rankings on Google
Better UX and website performance





Image optimization
Optimize all images on your website for faster loading:

WebP conversion
Container-specific image resizing
Image lazyload
Auto-optimization of new uploads





Cloudflare CDN
Reduce latency and load times and improve performance by enabling Cloudflare Enterprise CDN:

Enterprise CDN
Full page cache
DDoS and bot protection
Free SSL certificate
Web application firewall
Mobile optimization with Mirage






Generate Your Website






Get the priority support you deserve
At 10Web your websites’ security and performance 
is our number one priority.



24/7 live chat support
Reach out to us anytime. We’re ready to take on any
WordPress question.





Dedicated Slack channel
Connect with our engineers and work with them directly to
solve any issues as quickly as possible.





Generate Your Website





100s of influencers love 10Web
Experience the revolutionary impact of 10Web in the digital landscape.
Unlock the potential of AI firsthand.










Hasan Toor
@hasantoxr


Are you struggling to build your personal website? Don’t worry! AI can help you create it only in 3 steps. Here’s how to build your dream website with AI (in minutes):

4:17 PMApr 11, 2023
2,831










tech_wizzdom


This is amazing - you can literally make a completely customised website with a few clicks.









Apr 17, 2023










Barsee
@heyBarsee


How to make a full website using AI in just minutes:(Cheat code for entrepreneurs, creators) 🧵👇









6:38 PMApr 6, 2023
3,394










Pascio
@IAmPascio


1) Creating your first website
1. Create an account on http://10web.io
2. Answer a few simple questions about your business
3. Let AI generate tailored content and images based on the answers
Next, you’re going to…









9:00 AMApr 13, 2023
35










Ihtesham Haider
@ihteshamit


ChatGPT is a great language model. But when it comes to building websites @10web_io takes the lead! Here’s how to build a WordPress website in minutes with AI:

6:28 PMApr 10, 2023
2,136










Calebsai


Here’s how to build a website under 5 minutes with AI.









Apr 17, 2023












Pratham
@Prathkum


Things have changed for web developers.
AI tools can save you writing hours of code and deliver websites in 5 minutes.
Let me show you how:

5:01 PMApr 27, 2023
1,512










𝗟𝗮𝗰𝗵𝗶𝗲𝗳


Powerful AI Tool to Create professional websites in seconds









Apr 17, 2023










Shushant Lakhyani
@shushant_l


2010: Hire an expensive developer
2023: Build a website in minutes using AI
I bet this tutorial on building a website with AI will blow your mind:

5:30 PMApr 17, 2023
1,007










Paul.ai
@itsPaulAi


ChatGPT can create almost anything.
But it can’t create a website.
Here’s how to create a whole website in seconds using AI:









4:15 PM Apr 13, 2023
345










Harsh Makadia
@MakadiaHarsh


Stop wasting time and money on hiring web developers.
Create a powerful website with AI in just 5 min.
Here's how to create a website with 10web AI Website Builder in 5 easy steps:

5:27 PMApr 26, 2023
1,780










Insidr.ai


AI Website Builder - 10Web.io 💻 Insidr.ai - Find the best AI Tools to supercharge your business 🦸🏼









May 13, 2023









FAQ








Who can use the AI Website Builder? 

AI website generator is for anyone looking to create a website for their business,
whether it's a small startup or a large enterprise. 







Is there a free trial available? 

You will be able to go through the generative AI flow during onboarding and you will
have a one week free trial to build and explore your AI generated website. For more information
please visit our pricing page. 







Does 10Web have limitations?

You can generate content and images once within your free trial. After upgrading, the
limits will depend on your plan. For more information visit our pricing page. 







How does the AI Website Builder work?

To create a website all you have to do is answer a short questionnaire and our
generative AI tool will create tailored content and images based on your answers. 







Is 10Web easy to use?

Yes, AI website creator is designed to be user-friendly and does not require any
coding skills. You can create your AI website by simply answering a few questions about your business.







How much does 10Web AI Website Builder cost?

The cost of the AI website maker depends on the plan you choose. We offer different
pricing plans to suit the needs of different users. You can view our pricing plans and compare the
features of each plan on our pricing page.







Does the AI Website Builder offer templates?

 Yes, it offers a selection of pre-made pages that you can use as a starting point
to add new pages to your AI generated website.







Can I add custom design elements to my website?

Yes, we offer a variety of premium widgets and customization options.







Does 10Web offer hosting services?

Yes, we provide hosting services for your website, so you don't have to worry about
finding a separate hosting provider.







Can I use my own domain with 10Web AI Website Builder?

Yes, you can use your own domain with 10Web.







How secure is the AI Ecommerce Website Builder?

We implement industry-standard security measures, including SSL encryption, secure
payment gateways, and regular system updates, to ensure the protection of your online store and customer data.







Will my online store be mobile responsive?

Yes, we ensure that your online store is fully responsive and optimized for mobile
devices. It automatically adjusts the layout and design elements to provide a seamless browsing
experience for your customers on smartphones and tablets.







Can I track and analyze the performance of my online store?

We provide robust analytics and reporting tools. You can track key metrics such as
sales, conversion rates, customer behavior, and traffic sources via WooCommerce. This data enables
you to make data-driven decisions and optimize your Ecommerce strategy.







Does 10Web Booster replace all image optimization, caching and other optimization plugins?

Yes. 10Web Booster is an all-in-one solution for optimizing websites. It implements
dozens of speed optimization techniques from simple minification to JS delay and critical CSS
generation for frontend optimization and Cloudflare Enterprise CDN for an even faster performance
and security. There is no need to run another speed optimization plugin along with 10Web.







How does image optimization of 10Web Booster work?

Image optimization does several things. First it converts images to WebP format,
which drastically reduces the size of your website images, allowing them to quickly load.
Second, it implements container-specific image resizing, which creates small size images and displays them instead
of full-size images for visitors using small-screen devices.
Third, image optimization implements lazy-loading and preloading of images, two techniques ensuring fast webpage
loading with instant on-demand image display.
On top of that, with Cloudflare’s Mirage optimization, we optimize all images based on device and network connection
types for each mobile visitor







How do I enable Cloudflare Enterprise on 10Web Booster?

From your 10Web Booster dashboard sidebar, go to Cloudflare Enterprise and click
‘Enable’. After that, you’ll be prompted to double check your original server IP, point your domain
and configure DNS records as instructed. After your website is verified, Cloudflare Enterprise
will show an ‘Active’ status in the ‘Overview’ tab of your dashboard.














TenWeb, Inc. 40 E Main St, Suite 721 Newark, DE 19711 United States



CompanyAbout Us
Contact Us
Security Statement
Affiliates
Partner Program
Affiliate & Partner Terms
Referral Program
Careers
Pricing
ProductAI Website Builder
AI Ecommerce
Hosting
PageSpeed Booster
AI Business Name Generator
Industries
AI Assistant
AI Marketing Strategy Generator
Plugins
Widgets
Website Management
Customers10Web for Agencies & Freelancers
Case Studies
10Web for SMBs
Customer Reviews
ResourcesHelp Center
Blog
Hosting Glossary
Site Speed Glossary
Press Kit
Roadmap
Submit Your Idea
Facebook Community
AI Technology
System Status
 






Follow us



















Copyright © 2023 TenWeb. All rights reserved.
Privacy
Terms of Service
SLA
Report Abuse












Welcome to 10Web Live Chat!

To provide you with the best support experience, please let us know if you have an account with us.

Log In
I Don’t Have an Account




























