





1minutebook | Top business books summaries for free
































 

 

Skip to Content




 





Home
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Disclaimer
 












Books To Read When You’re Bored With Life

Boredom is defined as weariness which comes from a lack of stimuli in the environment. The lack of stimuli can be due to internal or external causes. A boring book may be necessary for an assignment, but books can be an excellent way to increase your feeling of interest and surprise.    There are many books …


Read More about Books To Read When You’re Bored With Life 






Books To Read When You Feel Hopeless

Feelings of hopelessness are a growing problem worldwide. These feelings can be related to a perception of no opportunities. They can also be tied to physical causes such as chemical imbalances in the brain. Many people also suffer from depression during winter months. When choosing ways to fight hopelessness and depression, books can be helpful …


Read More about Books To Read When You Feel Hopeless 






Books To Read When You Feel Alone

Although many people complain of loneliness at certain times of the year, others find that loneliness may be due to a change in environment, social situations, or other causes. Loneliness has often been attributed to older adults, but a growing number of young adults report being lonely. The first step in finding solutions for loneliness …


Read More about Books To Read When You Feel Alone 






Books To Read When You Don’t Know What To Read

ven for the most avid book lover, there can be times when it is difficult to find time in a busy schedule to enjoy a book. Maybe your interests have changed and you are spending your leisure time on other activities. If you have realized that you need more balance between active pursuits and sedentary …


Read More about Books To Read When You Don’t Know What To Read 






Books To Read When Lost In Life

Feeling as if you are just marking time until your life begins is not a rare emotion. It is a common occurrence at certain milestones such as graduation from school, sending the last child off to college, or reaching retirement age. If your goals don’t seem so interesting any more, it’s like losing the path …


Read More about Books To Read When Lost In Life 






How Do You Store Books In A Non Climate Controlled Storage?

There are recommended ways to store your books to protect them as much as possible from deterioration. While climate and moisture controlled storage is highly recommended, it may not always be possible to find optimal storage locations for a prized book collection.  Managing each of the elements which come under the heading of ‘climate’ can …


Read More about How Do You Store Books In A Non Climate Controlled Storage? 






How Do You Store Books In Your Bedroom?

If you are limited in space, and can only count on the space in your bedroom for a sizable collection of books, there are many options which can be utilized to make your books accessible and also a part of the decor.  If you enjoy spending time in your bedroom, and want to include your …


Read More about How Do You Store Books In Your Bedroom? 






How Do You Store Books In Your Closet?

Taking advantage of uncommon spaces for book storage is a necessity when houses and apartments are getting smaller and book collections tend to expand. Although many people say they don’t have enough closet space, the use of a closet as a mini-library is appealing to book lovers.  Storing books in the closet has benefits that …


Read More about How Do You Store Books In Your Closet? 






How Do You Store Books In Your Garage?

One of the common complaints from anyone who is a book lover is that there is not enough room to store your books without giving up living space in your residence. Although storing books in your garage may be a solution, it is important to take a careful look at the conditions in your garage …


Read More about How Do You Store Books In Your Garage? 






How Do You Store Books In Your Wardrobe?

Over the years, closets and wardrobes have vied for the attention of home designers and homeowners. While both are originally intended to serve as storage spaces for clothing and other items, in appearance and punctuality, they are quite different. If you do not need the wardrobe for placing clothing items, you might want to consider …


Read More about How Do You Store Books In Your Wardrobe? 






How Do You Store Books In Your House?

One thing that is true of most booklovers is that their collection continues to grow. Finding good storage locations in your house can be a challenge, particularly if you don’t like clutter. Some of the elements that affect book storage space include temperature, humidity, air circulation, and insect issues. When storing books in your house …


Read More about How Do You Store Books In Your House? 




Posts navigation
1
2
…
7
Next
 

Live Results Search

Search for:




Categories

FAQ

General

How To

Reading Improvements

Versus




Recent Posts


Books To Read When You’re Bored With Life


Books To Read When You Feel Hopeless


Books To Read When You Feel Alone


Books To Read When You Don’t Know What To Read


Books To Read When Lost In Life










 

1minutebook is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. 1minutebook also participates in affiliate programs with Clickbank, CJ, ShareASale, and other sites. 1minutebook is compensated for referring traffic and business to these companies.
 
 

1minutebook 


 

