

Acceleration Watch (Understanding Accelerating Change)


















 Hello Dear Reader,
This  site 
          was written by foresight 
          scholar and systems theorist John 
          M. Smart, primarily in 1999-2003. It led to the founding of the educational and research nonprofit,  the Acceleration Studies Foundation (ASF) in 2003. It remains on the web as a public archive. 
This site was the first on the web, to our knowledge, to explore the phenomenon of accelerating physical and informational change from  a universal perspective. It was also the  first to use  evolutionary developmental (evo-devo) science and philosophy to explore nature and future of complex adaptiveness in human and technological systems.
This site is written for technology scholars, strategists, futurists, and the general public, 
          to improve our understanding and management of accelerating change. Accelerating 
          change is topic with a very long intellectual 
          history, but still little formal  academic study. To this end, ASF promotes the 
          underdeveloped topics of acceleration 
          studies, evolutionary 
          development theory, technology foresight, and exploration of the  technological singularity (General AI) hypothesis. 
          We also host acceleration-aware futurist discussion 
          groups in several cities, list 
degree programs where students may investigate accelerating 
          change, maintain a small publications archive, and offer a few counterarguments for critics who think acceleration is either a human illusion or cannot continue        beyond our current  era.  
        We hope you find it useful in your foresight, strategy, and critical thinking about 
        the profound and world-changing issues and implications of accelerating change.
Connect with me on 
        LinkedIn or Twitter 
        | My bio. 
        | My blog: Ever 
        Smarter World
        Email: johnsmart{at}gmail.com
 
What's 

        New






 

Ten 
      Areas of Technological Change, John Smart, 2012. A read ahead 
      in technological change, for senior leaders and middle managers. A short 
      list of useful books in ten key leadership skills, and a brief overview 
      of my current thoughts on what could, will, and should happen (possible, 
      probable, and preferable futures) in ten key technology domains over the 
      next ten to twenty years, and further reading in each domain. I’ve 
      tried to state my key biases and assumptions where relevant.


 

The 
      Race to Inner Space - Global Future 2045 (Video, 
      18 min; Slides, 
      16), Feb 2012. An introduction to the evolutionary developmental model 
      of universal change, and the ways that our accelerating civilization is 
      racing to "Inner Space," to the world of thought and simulation 
      (virtual inner space) and of nanotechnology (physical inner space) and the 
      some of the ways this is creating a smaller, faster, smarter, wealthier, 
      more resilient future for all of us.




 

The 
      Transcension Hypothesis (Web) and (PDF),  Acta Astronautica, John Smart, 2011. An update of my earlier article, Answering 
      the Fermi Paradox, 2002, exploring the implications of continual STEM 
      compression (increasing density and efficiency of use of Space, Time, Energy, 
      and Matter) in universal complexity development. A model for the long-term 
      future of universal accelerating change, with many implications for technical-economic 
      progress and public policy, if true.




 

How 
      the Television Will Be Revolutionized: The Future of Open Internet TV, 
      John Smart, 2010. See Video, 
      20 min, TEDx Del Mar, June 2010. Also a 4-page 
      article in The Futurist, Nov-Dec 2010, and a whitepaper, 
      exploring the critical role open media standards and activist consumers 
      can play in democratizing and empowering society with this technology platform, 
      and the major political and economic challenges and opportunities ahead. 
      The next ten years will be an exciting time for open standards web media, 
      and will bring continued creative destruction to big media sectors.




 

Our 
      Immersive Future - Immersive Technology Summit 2010 (Video, 
      18 min). Thoughts on the ten year future of the videophone, wearable AR, 
      wearable lifelogs, iTV, Caves, GameTables, Memeshows, and ways to use immersive 
      tech to improve socialization, intimacy, collaboration, civics, education, 
      addiction management, and decisionmaking. For technologists and the general 
      public. See also the deck of 18 slides for this presentation.




 

Evo 
        Devo Universe - BIL 2009 (Video, 23 
        mins). A presentation on evolutionary and developmental features of our 
        universe, and implications for foresight and management of technology. 
        Want more? Evo 
        Devo Universe? Part 1 (Video, 55 min). Evo 
        Devo Universe? Part 2 (52 min), Bay Area Future Salon, April 
        2009. (Slides).

  


 

Evo 
        Devo Universe? A Framework for Speculations on Cosmic Culture (PDF), 
        John Smart, 2008. In: Cosmos and Culture: Cultural Evolution in a 
        Cosmic Context, NASA Press, 2009. (V7.0 Apr 2010). A 48-page overview 
        of three increasingly specific and powerful ways of understanding predictability 
        and unpredictability in the universe, and the meaning and implications 
        of accelerating change for human culture: the Informational Physical 
        Universe (IPU) hypothesis, the Evo Devo Universe (EDU) hypothesis, and 
        the Developmental Singularity (DS) hypothesis. Pressed for time? Skim 
        the last 27 pages (pages 26-53), starting with Processes of Universal 
        Development. Are these valid systems models or mere speculation? Time 
        will tell.

  


 

"Foresight 
      Development at UAT," John Smart, 2007. (Course 
      Overview. Course 
      Wiki). A core undergraduate course in Foresight Development (global, 
      organizational, and personal), developed and taught first at the innovative 
      University of Advancing Technology, Phoenix, 
      AZ. Acceleration-awareness for the university student.
  


 

"A.I., 
      "Inner Space," and Accelerating Change," 
      John Smart, 2007 (YouTube, 18 min). (Transcript). 
      An informal interview, discussing incremental AI, the conversational interface, 
      digital twins, inner space, and other quite important yet oft-overlooked 
      trends in technological evolutionary development. Courtesy of SIAI 
      and Future Current.
  


 

"Systems 
      Theories of Accelerating Change," John Smart, 2006 
      (YouTube 20 min). (Audio. 
      Slides. 
      Transcript). 
      A formal presentation at the inaugural Singularity Summit 2006. Considering 
      accelerating change from universal, biological, human cultural, and technological 
      perspectives, and introducing a few well known and a few unorthodox ideas 
      in acceleration mechanics. Courtesy of SIAI 
      and Future Current.
  


 

"Driving 
      Toward an Electric Future: Natural Gas, PHEV's, and Nanobattery Advances," 
      John Smart, 2006. A discussion of trends pushing us toward Plug-in Hybrid 
      Electric Vehicle networks in coming years. The new nanobatteries promise 
      to make electric car recharging almost as fast as gas tank filling at commercial 
      recharge stations, and tomorrow's power grids more decentralized than today's 
      gas stations, supporting greater city densities.
  


 

 How 
      to Be a Tech Futurist, 
      John Smart, 2005 (PowerPoint, 132 slides, 7MB). Presented at World Future 
      Society 2005, Chicago, IL (July), and at Tech Forum 2005 at the University 
      of Advancing Technology in Phoenix, AZ (June). Some considerations for 
      predicting, managing, and creating the future in a world of accelerating 
      change.
  


 

 Review 
      of "A Possible Declining Trend for Worldwide Innovation," Johnathan 
      Heubner, TF&SC 2005, John Smart, 2005. Huebner's paper 
      proposes that human-observed innovation has been globally saturating since 
      the industrial revolution. In the context of other papers on innovation 
      saturation also referenced here, his study may indicate a need for us to 
      learn how to see and measure innovation from a technological, not just a 
      human perspective in coming years.
  


  
  
  












Site 
            Mission 






Understanding 
                  our accelerating progression to the technological singularity 
                  (an era of human-surpassing digital intelligence),



Planning 
                  for, investing in, and managing its balanced development,



Improving 
                  human interdependence and ethics as we approach the transition.



Reported 
                  for the educated nonspecialist audience.


Would 
              you like to engage in useful critical discusions of accelerating 
              change?
See ASF's 
              Future 
              Salon Network.
Would you like 
              to join a community critically discussing Evolutionary Development 
              Theory?
See ASF's international 
              scholarly research community:





Evo 
                    Devo Universe







 



  
              This site is an affiliate of:






  














 Site 
        Outline (Blue 
        topics are on this homepage. Green 
        topics are on separate pages). 




Brief 
        Note to the Reader
What is the Singularity?
Just Who is an Acceleration Watcher?
Why Increasingly Autonomous Technological Evolutionary 
        Development Will Lead to the Tech Singularity
Understanding Accelerating Change is Profitable
Why Understanding Accelerating 
        Change Will Improve Balance and Accelerate Compassion—A Humanist 
        Perspective
Why Anthropic Cosmology 
        Does Not Require a Designer, and Teleology is Not a Theology — 
        The Theory of Universal Evolutionary Development
Brief Homework for the Reader 
        
The Acceleration Clock — Countdown 
        to Emergence
Further Reading/Exploring
Quotes from Some Important Acceleration Watchers
What's Next: Future Projects

 
 Who 
        is a Futurist?
The Developmental Spiral: 
        An Unexplained 
        Physical Phenomenon
Brief History of 
        Intellectual Discussion of Accelerating Change
Understanding STEM, 
        STEM+I, and STEM Compression in Universal Change
The 
        Conversational Interface: Our 
        Next Great Leap Forward
Acceleration 
        and Punctuated Equilibrium in Technology Development
No Apparent 
        Limits: Addressing Common Arguments Against Continuous Computational Acceleration
Social Response to the 
        Technological Singularity Hypothesis
A Taxonomy of Singularities: 
        Comparing the Literature on Systems of Accelerating Change
A Chain of Singularities: 
        The Evolutionary Development of Hierarchical Substrates (EDHS)
The Cosmic Watermark 
        Hypothesis: Wigner's Ladder
The 
        Watcher (Intrigued Skeptic) Behind This Site
Singularity 
        Timing Predictions, Discussion Groups, and Introductory Links
Limits 
        to Biology: Performance Limitations on Natural and Engineered Biological 
        Systems 
More 
        on the Pre-Singularity Economic Environment
The 
        Future of Professional Futurists:
        Evolutionary Developmental Foresight and Accelerating Change
Singularitarians 
        and Singularity Belief— The ASF Position

 
 Convergent 
        Evolution (Convergent Development)
Degree Programs for 
        Acceleration Studies and Evolutionary Development Theory
Some Potential 'Laws' of 
        Complex Systems
Contrary 
        to Popular Belief: Exploring Popular Myths in American Social Life
Self-Organizing 
        and Self-Replicating Paths to Autonomous Intelligence (A.I.): An Overview
Other Notable 
        Computational Acceleration (and Selected Artificial Intelligence) Critiques
– 
        Old Interviews –
Interview 
        with John Smart, 2003
      (Speculist.com, 40 pages)
– Future Fiction for 
        Teens –
Future 

        Heroes 2035: My Friends & I
Future 

        Heroes 2035: The Big Picture
– Developmental 
        Futures –
Underground 
        Automated Highway Systems for High-Density Cities: A 2030-2060 Scenario
Chemical 
        Brain Preservation: Why Inexpensively Preserving Our Brains At Death May 
        Be Beneficial for Ourselves and Society, and How You Can Help
– Evo Devo Theory 
        –
Intro 
        to the Developmental Singularity Hypothesis (DSH): An Evolutionary Developmental 
        Model for Continuously Accelerating Universal Change
Readings 
        on the Developmental Singularity Hypothesis (DSH)
The 
        Transcension Hypothesis, J. Smart, Acta Astronautica, 2011
– 
        Slides and Publications –
See Accelerating.org/slides 
        for open access presentations.
Other 
        Publications
 








 

  


 Brief 
                    Note to the Reader

 If 
                    you are taking the time to read this website you are one of 
                    a small and fortunate group of humans today who question what 
                    our universal, biological, and technological history of accelerating 
                    change may mean for the future and larger purpose of humanity. 
                    
It takes educational privilege, curiosity, 
                    insight, courage, and mental freedom to engage in this investigation. 
                    Almost all of today's religous, philosophical, political, 
                    and even our scientific texts are curiously silent on the 
                    existence and implications of our record of ever faster emergence 
                    of physical-computational systems in universal history. Given 
                    our current knowledge of the laws of physics and chemistry, 
                    and our record of accelerating performance gains in miniaturizing 
                    electronic systems, it presently appears that this accelerating 
                    trend will continue as far as we can see into our extraordinary 
                    future. 
Accelerating computation, communication, and 
                    nanotechnologies have today become the most dynamic systems 
                    in modern society. Faced with the daunting prospect of further 
                    acceleration in their capacity, most people presently either 
                    deny the possibility, or ignore the phenomenon entirely. We 
                    believe that the evidence is strongly against the first response, 
                    and that the second response is unwise. 
The philosopher-technologist Archimedes 
                    said: "give me a lever and a place to stand upon and 
                    I will move the world." It is clear that the lever we 
                    have been given for this phase of human existence is accelerating 
                    technological change, and the types of world-moving we wish 
                    to do are in our hands. Let us choose wisely.
Learning about accelerating change from a 
                    broad and multidisciplinary perspective is a major purpose 
                    of this website. We seek to accumulate some of the most incisive 
                    thoughts on these topics from a range of careful future thinkers, 
                    and to provide a number of synthetic interpretations, including 
                    one, the developmental singularity hypothesis, originally 
                    formulated by myself, the site's primary author, John 
                    M. Smart. 
If you are willing to look beyond our natural 
                    human-centric, ego-centric biases and consider humanity's 
                    larger, universal role in the process of creating local accelerating 
                    change, you may find the picture that emerges is deeply satisfying, 
                    and the insights you can gain in terms of how to interact 
                    with today's technologies are immensely practical and relevant 
                    to your daily life. Outreach, education, research, and selective 
                    advocacy of communities and technologies of accelerating change 
                    is a major purpose of our affiliated nonprofit organization, 
                    the Acceleration Studies 
                    Foundation. I encourage you to visit that website, 
                    attend our occasional conferences, join our listserves, and 
                    add your voice to the community.
While the genesis of these ideas began in 
                    written form over a century ago (see our Brief 
                    History of Intellectual Discussion of Accelerating Change) 
                    even today few people presently investigate, or critique universal 
                    and global trends in accelerating change broadly, carefully, 
                    or systematically. Those who do so commonly call themselves 
                    futurists, transhumanists, 
                    and systems 
                    theorists. Marcel Proust has said "the real 
                    voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, 
                    but in having new eyes." If you are seeking others seriously 
                    striving to perceive our accelerating world 'with new eyes,' 
                    and to share those insights with others, welcome to our small 
                    community.
Thank you for taking the time to carefully 
                    consider these fascinating, speculative, and at times disturbing 
                    ideas. I hope you'll consider our websites and community efforts 
                    worthy of your continuing support. If you have comments, find 
                    errors, have people or resources to recommend, or have any 
                    other feedback to share, please send a brief message to johnsmart{at}gmail{dot}com








 






What 
      is the Technological Singularity?

 Earth's electronic systems 
        have been self-organizing, in a symbiotic relationship with human society, 
        at rates approaching the speed of light since Michael Faraday's 
        time. Grossly, this generalized rate of evolutionary development is at 
        least seven million times faster than the speed of thought in 
        biological systems (the speed of an action potential and synaptic diffusion 
        in a human brain). 
In an utterly surprising state of affairs, every new computing 
        system over the last century of technological development has managed 
        to be consistently more miniaturized, more resource efficient (per standard 
        computation, however defined), more human autonomous (in the replication 
        of its complexity, again however defined) and more biologically-inspired 
        (having features of evolutionary development or organization increasingly 
        similar to our own) than the last. Physicists presently see no near-term 
        limit to accelerating computational capacity and efficiency trends, other 
        than the Planck-scale limit of fundamental universal 
        structure itself. 
As a result, the continued acceleration of local technological 
        intelligence is very likely to be the central driver and determinant of 
        the modern era. Hesitantly at first, and quickly now, these increasingly 
        fast and microscopic physical extensions of our humanity may soon learn 
        (encode, predict, and understand) both the physical and abstract nature 
        of all the slow and macroscopic systems in our local environment—our 
        biological selves included. 
Some 20 to 140 years from now—depending on which 
        evolutionary theorist, systems theorist, computer scientist, technology 
        studies scholar, or futurist you happen to agree with—the ever-increasing 
        rate of technological change in our local environment is expected to undergo 
        a permanent and irreversible developmental phase change, or technological 
        "singularity," becoming either:

A. fully autonomous in its self-development,
          B. human-surpassing in its mental complexity, or 
          C. effectively instantaneous in self-improvement (from our fixed-speed 
          biological perspective), 

or if only one of these at first, soon after all of the 
        above. It has been postulated by some that local environmental events 
        after this point must also be "future-incomprehensible" to existing humanity, 
        though we disagree.
In this fascinating process, technology and biology are 
        becoming ever more seamlessly interconnected and interdependent. As Brian 
        Arthur of the Santa Fe Institute describes, technology is becoming 
        organic, and nature is becoming technologic. Even our minds and intentions, 
        in a process that William Bainbridge of the National Science Foundation 
        calls "personality capture," are becoming incrementally encoded 
        into our increasingly intelligent technological infrastructure, so that 
        it may better anticipate our needs, and serve us with increasing responsiveness 
        and effectiveness with each passing year. While the human animal is scarcely 
        different with each new generation, our "houses" become exponentially 
        smarter, as well as increasingly natural extensions of ourselves. 
Ultimately, as few discussing these issues currently realize, 
        "What is the singularity?" may not be the most important question 
        to ask, from the human perspective. As we develop increasingly powerful 
        types of human-surpassing technological intelligence in coming decades, 
        and as each successive generation becomes more seamlessly integrated with 
        human actors, actively engaged in solving key human problems, it will 
        become appropriate to ask not what, but "Who is the singularity?" 
        
Relatively soon in time, in a profound yet surprisingly 
        subtle phase transition for planetary intelligence, "it" will 
        be "us."
Acceleration 
        Studies Foundation
Our affiliated nonprofit organization, the Acceleration 
        Studies Foundation (ASF), 
        is dedicated to analysis, informed speculation, and promoting agendas 
        for action in understanding and managing accelerating change. We are an 
        independent community of scholars, professionals and  futurists  
        exploring science, technology, business, global, political, social, and 
        personal dialogs in accelerating change. 
        Please join us in considering, critiquing, and prioritizing what may be 
        the single most important issue of the human era.
The Prediction 
        Wall
With increasing anxiety, many of our best thinkers have 
        seen a looming "Prediction Wall" emerge in recent decades. There 
        is a growing inability of human minds to credibly imagine our onrushing 
        future, a future that must apparently include greater-than-human technological 
        sophistication and intelligence. At the same time, we now admit to living 
        in a present populated by growing numbers of increasingly interconnected 
        technological systems that no one human being understands. The Millenial 
        generation assumes the normality of living in a world of complex, rapidly 
        improving, and yet amazingly stable technological systems, erected like 
        vast beehives or termite mounds, systems maintained and incrementally 
        improved by large swarms of partially-aware human beings, each of which 
        has only a very limited conceptualization of the full potentialities and 
        inherent developmental trajectory of the new technological environment 
        that is emerging. 
Business leaders face the prediction wall acutely in technologically-dependent 
        fields (and what enterprise isn't technologically-dependent these days?), 
        where the ten-year business plans of the 1950's have been replaced with 
        ten-week (quarterly) plans of the 2000's, and where planning beyond two 
        years in some fields can be unwise speculation. But perhaps most astonishingly, 
        we are coming to realize that even our traditional seers, the authors 
        of speculative fiction, have failed us in recent decades. In "Science 
        Fiction Without the Future," 2001, Judith Berman notes 
        that the vast majority of recent efforts in this genre have abandoned 
        both foresighted technological critique and any realistic attempt to portray 
        the hyperaccelerated technological world of fifty years hence. It's as 
        if many of our best minds are giving up and turning to nostalgia as they 
        see the wall of their own conceptualizing limitations rising before them.
The Prediction 
        Crystal Ball
Yet at the same time as the prediction wall has emerged 
        in most areas of the future, prediction in certain special domains (the 
        "crystal ball") is now easier than ever. As technology roadmapping 
        expert Richard Albright notes in "What 
        can past technology forecasts tell us about the future?" (Tech. 
        Forecasting & Social Change, Jan 2002) a broad collection of 
        capacity growth curves of information and communications technologies 
        have been predictable (81% over 40 years, in this estimate) since at least 
        the birth of digital computing in the 1940's. 
Furthermore, as Rolf Landauer and others 
        have found (C. H. Bennett and R. Landauer, "The 
        Fundamental Physical Limits of Computation", Scientific American, 
        48-56, July, 1985), there appears to be no forseeable limit to these capacity 
        growth curves. This strongly suggests we inhabit a special universe that 
        supports accelerating computational efficiencies and energy densities 
        as far down as we can see. While there must eventually be a physical limit 
        to computational efficiency, it may exist only at the Planck scale of 
        space and time. As a result, predictable rates of technological acceleration 
        will be both the dominant planetary phenomenon and the most dependable 
        aspect of our future environment, one that any serious foresight strategist 
        should incorporate into their models and policy considerations. More on 
        this may be found in The Future of 
        Professional Futurism and in particular technology forecasting, roadmapping, 
        strategic planning, and futures studies.
An Essential 
        Singularity
To some, exponential growth in technological change appears 
        to be an unstoppable force, driven by stunning and continuous advances 
        in computer and communications industries. Technology, in other words, 
        appears to be rapidly pushing us toward, in John Von Neumann's 
        (late 1940's or early 1950's) phrase, "some essential singularity," 
        a coming phase transition in the nature and power of local computation, 
        beyond which, like a mathematical or gravitational singularity, several 
        aspects of the future must be permanently obscured from our biological 
        vantage point. 
Several individuals deserve credit for early and extensive 
        championing of the idea of continually accelerating computation, and for 
        considering information technology's future effects on society. Please 
        see our Brief History of Intellectual Discussion 
        of Accelerating Change for more on this on this long and distinguished 
        dialog.
Arguably the most important 20th century pioneer and advocate 
        of these ideas has been the roboticist Hans Moravec. Moravec began 
        writing about accelerating computer power extensively in the 1970's, including 
        a famous piece published in February 1979 in Analog:
Science Fiction 
        and Fact, entitled "Today's 
        Computers, Intelligent Machines, and Our Future." The final section 
        of this essay "considers the implications of the emergence of intelligent 
        machines, and concludes that they are the final step in a revolution in 
        the nature of life. Classical evolution based on DNA, random mutations 
        and natural selection may be completely replaced by the much faster process 
        of intelligence mediated cultural and technological evolution." Considering 
        the future of computer-human coevolution, Moravec concludes we are rapidly 
        headed for a "post-biological form" for all local, living 
        intelligence: "In the long run the sheer physical inability of humans 
        to keep up with these rapidly evolving progeny of our minds will ensure 
        that the ratio of people to machines approaches zero, and that a direct 
        descendant of our culture, but not our genes, inherits the universe."
Many today would consider this proposal unsound, and several 
        social theorists have predicted that the breathtaking acceleration of 
        change that we have seen in modern human civilization cannot continue 
        indefinitely. Arguing in this favor is the apparent "stair step" 
        dyamics of technological change, often involving long periods of apparent 
        stasis or regression (as in the fall of the Roman Empire). Yet when viewed 
        from the macroscopic perspective of the network of global actors, the 
        more one sees the intrinsic smoothness of accelerating technological change, 
        as we discuss in Acceleration and 
        Punctuated Equilibrium in Technological Development.
The Astonishing 
        Lack of Limits To Computational Growth
A number of arguments for approaching limits to incessant 
        exponential growth in local computation have periodically been proposed. 
        Four are particularly worth careful consideration: miniaturization limits, 
        resource limits, design limits, and demand limits. We consider each of 
        these in No Apparent Limits: Addressing 
        Common Arguments Against Continuous Computational Acceleration. In 
        our analysis, each surprisingly fails to make a credible case that technological 
        change might slow down in coming decades. 
Social Response 
        to the Singularity Hypothesis
If technological acceleration continues, what kind of 
        social and political response can we expect to the singularity hypothesis 
        in coming decades? How will powerful human interest groups react to the 
        idea of increasingly autonomous technological change? That is a difficult 
        and fascinating question, and we have made some early conjectures in that 
        regard. Take a look at Social Backlash to the 
        Singularity Hypothesis, and see if you agree. You might also enjoy 
        Contrary to Popular Belief, 
        some counterarguments to popular beliefs about social and technological 
        trends in modern culture.
Those few scholars who currently study the record of continuously 
        accelerating computation and who seriously expect the emergence of an 
        autonomous intelligence (AI) within the foreseeable future, call this 
        event "the (technological) singularity" for several reasons. 
        This phrase, as introduced by Vernor Vinge in 1981, borrows from 
        the traditional body of work on mathematical and cosmological singularities, 
        a point in space or time at which one's existing models of reality are 
        no longer valid. One place we observe this is within a black hole, where 
        even the equations of relativity break down from our perspective 
        within the system, generating only infinities. 
A 
        Taxonomy of Singularities: Comparing the Literature on Systems of Accelerating 
        Change 
As we explore the technological singularity concept from 
        a widely multidisciplinary, systems theory perspective, we should attempt 
        to interrelate, if possible, known physical processes that appear to have 
        similar accelerating dynamics. An early effort in this regard can be found 
        in A Taxonomy of Singularities: 
        Comparing the Literature on Systems of Accelerating Change. 
A 
        Chain of Singularities: The Evolutionary Development of Hierarchial Substrates 
        (EDHS) 
As one carefully considers the universal record of accelerating 
        change, one comes to suspect that the process is developmental, in the 
        same way that biological systems engage in both evolutionary and developmental 
        change. Simply put, the developmental features of the universe we inhabit 
        seem very likely be organized for convergence, over time, on ever-increasing 
        rates of environmental learning in a special subset of physical systems. 
        This learning appears to be expressed in hierarchically emergent "computational 
        substrates," physical information processing platforms which 
        encode a record of their search of local phase space, and which use that 
        record as a stable base upon which to build even more powerful computational 
        systems.
In a direct analogy with biological development, some 
        characteristics of these hierarchical emergences appear to be part of 
        a statistically determined process of universal development. 
        If indeed the process is developmental, many of the "envelope boundaries" 
        of the accelerations would be prespecified in the special initial conditions 
        of the "seed" (Big Bang), that created our universe. We discuss this fascinating 
        topic further in A Chain of Singularities: 
        The Evolutionary Development of Hierarchical Substrates (EDHS). For 
        other developmentally related perspectives, you may also consider the speculative article, Some Potential 'Laws' of Complex Systems in 
        an evolutionary developmental universe.


 
 
 









Just 
      Who is a Acceleration Watcher?


Modern futurists can be usefully divided into four camps 
        with regard to acceleration awareness. There are the Unexposed 
        (those who have not yet encountered this fundamental meme), the Ignorers/Deniers 
        (those who have been exposed but either ignore or deny its relevance), 
        the Watchers (those who suspect the topic has real future relevance, 
        but are committed only to seeking more scientific data and insight on 
        this phenomenon) and "Believers" (those whose response 
        is an absolute and often uncritical acceptance, based primarily on faith).
 As the name Acceleration Watch 
        implies, our goal in coming years is to do our own small part to stimulate 
        a number of technologists, academics, independent scholars, and lay futurists 
        to move from unexposed, ignoring, or denying into watching, 
        critiquing, and modelling the fascinating 
        phenomenon of accelerating and increasingly autonomous computational change. 
        
At the same time, we do not seek to push any in our community 
        into belief in the technological singularity hypothesis, as there is nowhere 
        near enough good science yet available on the subject to justify that 
        option. Nevertheless, we can all do our small part to help stimulate the 
        development of theory and evidence that will eventually allow such a formal 
        science to emerge.
An "Acceleration Watcher" is therefore neither 
        absolutely convinced—nor uncritically happy—that the technological 
        singularity is going to happen, but believes the phenomenon of accelerating 
        change deserves immediate and careful scientific investigation. 
Rather than professing belief or disbelief in the topic 
        of the technological singularity, it makes more sense for those who presently 
        investigate this phenomenon to consider themselves instead as observers, 
        analysts, students, researchers—or critics of singularity-exhibiting 
        processes in all their forms. 
Those who study accelerating change understand that there 
        are better and worse paths toward human-machine futures, and they don't 
        want to be caught off guard by the wide-ranging social effects of ever-more-powerful 
        changes in computation. Even if they anticipate that the singularity speculation 
        may be correct, they know that human beings do not easily model exponential 
        change. 
As Arthur C. Clarke, Francis Crick, Ray 
        Kurzweil and others have proposed, human cognitive (and perhaps, perceptual) 
        systems appear to be built to make quasi-linear models, at least 
        on a first quantitative approximation, whereas the computational elements 
        and systems of our local environment exhibit exponential emergences 
        and other natural non-linearities. So it is that humanity only unevenly—and 
        often unrealistically—incorporates exponential expectations within 
        its psychology, as we now wisely do in our projections for next year's 
        computer products, and much less wisely, for example, in our expectations 
        for the short-term performance of our technology investments. 
Humans may be wired to directly perceive reality in a 
        nonlinear manner, as some cognitive scientists have proposed. Humans are 
        nonlinear physical systems, so their computational architecture must, 
        on some level, be nonlinear itself. Nevertheless, it is true that exponential 
        systems, before they reach their "blowup" phase of growth, always 
        appear to be linear systems, and thus human beings, as slow modelers of 
        fast systems, are continually taken by surprise in the ferocity of their 
        emergence. 
As one famous example, recall the chessboard metaphor, 
        involving 64 doublings of rice grains, with only one grain placed on the 
        first square. This system appears quite tame until just a bit past the 
        middle of the board, when it suddenly produces an entirely unexpected 
        and overwhelming effect, bankrupting the King, and blanketing the entire 
        surface of the Earth in a sea of rice several inches thick. Kurzweil 
        calls this runaway effect "entering the second half" of the 
        board. So it will apparently soon be with local computation.
Therefore, as we continually refine our models of the 
        future we will need to work together closely to help each other understand 
        the forces at work, and to make better personal and societal decisions 
        as we manage the coming transition, in the most moral and human-friendly 
        manner possible.
Technology, tools, and computation are apparently not 
        neutral phenomena. First, we have long realized that technology amplifies 
        human tendencies, both for better and worse, depending on the tool and 
        context. Therefore where, when, and how a technology is introduced becomes 
        a powerful social and personal choice. Furthermore, we are finally beginning 
        to understand that computation, through a succession of technologies and 
        tools, is apparently rigged, by universal developmental architecture, 
        to create local complexity at an ever-accelerating pace. This new complexity 
        in turn brings its own self-balancing, integrative, and convergent properties 
        to the local environment, emergent properties that are still in the early 
        stages of scientific description. See our introductory page on convergent 
        evolution(ary development) for a better understanding of 
        convergent universal developmental processes.
Finally, in what may be a hidden law 
        of development, we may be approaching limits to the local knowledge 
        that can be gained about the universe with our existing and finite 
        computational tools. This very interesting and controversial topic, sometimes 
        called ergodicity or "computational closure", argues that not 
        only physical structure but our maps of physical reality undergo massive 
        unifying convergence the more complex they become. As Phil Nelson 
        has said, perhaps we might we relabel "the Singularity as" "the 
        Unity." The latter name may better convey its personal, social, cultural, 
        and spiritual dimensions in the decades ahead.
If the general public were able to understand that our 
        approaching technological singularity is simultaneously creating a highly 
        convergent mental framework from which to understand the universe, a simple 
        name change from singularity to unity would evoke interest and joining, 
        rather than fear and resistance, especially from the religious. Yet being 
        able to make the claim that progressive computational closure and unity 
        are presently occurring, while it seems intuitively obvious to me from 
        an anecdotal perspective, is no easy task at this early stage of our understanding. 
        I look forward to significantly more scientific investigation of such 
        issues as the universal limits of computation, computational closure, 
        and the unifying nature of convergent models of reality in coming years.
Whether we like it or not, the winds of change will continue 
        to rush at us ever faster every month for the rest of our lives. Due to 
        inherent universal processes related to the nature of growth in complexity, 
        computation, and information, twentieth and especially twenty first century 
        citizens must increasingly combat "Future 
        Shock" (Alvin Toffler, 1970), the disruption 
        that comes when our information processing and adaptive systems are not 
        complex enough to allow us to find equilibrium in an environment of increasingly 
        rapid technological and informational change. Accelerating change is an 
        apparently natural universal process. Understanding the evolutionary and 
        developmental processes generating it can provide critical balance and 
        perspective as we navigate the storms ahead. 
For introductory information on communities discussing 
        these issues, as well as a range of early, prescientific predictions for 
        when the technological singularity will occur, see our overview of Singularity 
        Timing Predictions, Discussion Groups, and Introductory Links.



 







Why 
      Increasingly Autonomous Technological Evolutionary Development Will 
      Lead to the Tech Singularity


Increasing technological autonomy, 
        however we choose to measure it, is one key assumption behind the singularity 
        hypothesis. Were it to be proven incorrect in coming years, singularity 
        models would have to be fundamentally revised. However, data to date give 
        every indication that autonomy is dramatically increasing every year. 
        Writers on the singularity topic now suggest that progressively more human-independent 
        computer evolution must eventually transition to a "runaway positive feedback 
        loop" in high-level machine computation, from our perspective. 
We are well on the way down the autonomy path within the 
        computer hardware domain. Since the 1950's, every new generation of computer 
        chip (integrated circuit) has been designed to a greater and greater degree 
        not by human beings but by computer software. In other words, an ever-decreasing 
        fraction of human (vs. machine) effort is involved in the hardware design 
        process every year, to produce any fixed amount of computer complexity, 
        however we choose to define that complexity.
 In fact, the late 1970's was the last time entirely human 
        designed (non-software aided) chips were routinely attempted. The 1980's 
        saw the rise of powerful chip design software, the 1990's the emergence 
        of electronic design automation (EDA) software, and recently, evolvable 
        hardware approaches have produced a few specialized chips that are 
        "grown" entirely in silico, without any human intervention whatsoever, 
        beyond initial configuration of the design space. Such systems discover 
        useful algorithms that are often incomprehensible to human designers. 
        Self-replicating robots, 
        while also still quite primitive, have recently passed the proof-of-concept 
        stage, and are now benefiting from powerful advances in simulation and 
        rapid prototyping technologies. 
It is now well known that software follows a slower complexity/ 
        performance doubling rate than the hardware substrate. Commonly cited 
        measures are six years, vs. 18 months, for a doubling in price performance, 
        a figure that must vary widely with algorithm, development approach, and 
        software class. But even here, we have seen surprising autonomy advances 
        in recent years. In an accelerating emergence since the 1980's, we have 
        seen several new sciences of emergent, evolutionary, and "biologically-inspired" 
        computation, such as artificial life, genetic algorithms, evolutionary 
        programming, neural nets, parallel distributed processing, and connectionist 
        modeling. These new computer sciences, though still limited, have created 
        a range of useful commercial applications, from pattern recognition networks 
        in astronomy that seek out supernovas, to credit card fraud-detection 
        algorithms which substantially outperform classical programs. These industries, 
        while still underdeveloped and of limited scalability, now employ tens 
        of thousands of programmers in a new, primarily "bottom up (self-guiding), 
        and only secondarily top down (human coded) approach to software design. 
        
Perhaps even more importantly, biologically-inspired approaches 
        have demonstrated that they can increase their own adaptive complexity 
        in real-world environments entirely independent of human aid, when given 
        adequate hardware evolutionary space. And it is clear that the hardware 
        space, or "digital soil" for growing these new systems will become exponentially 
        cheaper and more plentiful in coming decades. 
Both Ray Kurzweil (The 
        Age of Spiritual Machines) and Hans Moravec (Robot) 
        have recently proposed that perhaps even as early as 2020 to 2030 we will 
        have sufficient hardware complexity, as well as sufficient insights from 
        cognitive neuroscience (reverse engineering salient neural structure of 
        the mammalian brain), to create silicon evolutionary spaces that will 
        develop higher-level intelligence. 
But in what may be the most interesting and profound observation, 
        there is now good evidence that technological systems enjoy a multi-millionfold 
        increase in their speeds of replication, variation, operation (interaction/selection), 
        and evolutionary development by comparison to their biological progenitors. 
        Many of these speedup factors appear to range between 1-30 million for 
        higher order processes, with a proposed "average" of 10 million (electrochemical 
        vs. electronic communication speeds). 
Therefore, if it is true that accelerating autonomy is 
        an intrinsic feature of any learning system, as some systems theorists 
        have proposed, and if it is also true that today's technological systems 
        are learning on average ten million times faster than the genetic systems 
        which preceded them, and thousands of times faster than the human beings 
        who catalyze them, then we can expect substantial increases in machine 
        autonomy in coming years. This speed differential has been measured by 
        a number of different approaches, and it is not yet clear which is the 
        most important learning metric. Commonly used genetic-technologic comparisons 
        are data input rates, output rates, communication speed, computation speed 
        at the logic gate and in the entire system, memory storage and erasure 
        speed, and cognitive architectural replication speed, among others. 
If this multi-millionfold learning differential truly 
        exists, and if today's most complex computers are roughly as intelligent 
        as differentiated cells or simple insects, each of which emerged between 
        400-600 million years ago, this implies that the evolutionary computational 
        systems of coming decades may be engaged in rediscovering the entire metazoan 
        evolutionary developmental learning curve within a period of perhaps 40-60 
        years. That idea alone is breathtaking to contemplate.
Even the evolutionary developmental history which allowed 
        australopithecus to advance very quickly, in evolutionary timescales, 
        through homo habilis and homo erectus to modern homo 
        sapiens, over a span of 8-10 million years, represents less than one 
        year in hyperaccelerated technologic evolutionary developmental time. 
        We thus begin to suspect, incredibly, that even this type of high-level 
        "discovered complexity" will be recapitulated within the coming machine 
        substrate in one very interesting year of future development only a few 
        decades from the present date (2041? 2061?). 
So it is that many sober and skeptical thinkers now find 
        it plausible that the semi-intelligent systems of the 21st century, as 
        they become truly self-improving and evolutionary, will rapidly reinvent 
        within the technologic substrate at first all of the lower functions of 
        autonomy and intelligence, and in one final brief burst, even the higher 
        functions of the human species. Thus even such functions as high-level 
        language, self-awareness, rational-emotive insight, ethics, and consciousness, 
        complex and carefully-tuned processes that we consider the essence of 
        higher humanity, are likely to become fully accessible to tomorrow's technologic 
        systems. What happens after this occurs must be even more dramatic, as 
        you can well imagine. For a bit more on this apparently inevitable process, 
        see Self-Organizing and Self-Replicating 
        Paths to Autonomous Intelligence (A.I.): An Overview.
Top-down interventionist programs in biological systems, 
        as with genetic engineering and biotechnology, always lack technology's 
        bottom-up, self-organizing capability. For this and other reasons, it 
        is now becoming clear that infotech and nanotech, far more than 
        biotech, will be the primary pathways for the future of accelerating local 
        intelligence. The fundamental difference between these two paradigms 
        is not yet apparent to some biotech-centric futurists. For more on this 
        interesting issue, see Limits to Biology: Performance 
        Limitations on Natural and Engineered Biological Systems .



 







Understanding 

      Accelerating Change is Profitable


In the period prior to the (technological) singularity, 
        certain human endeavors will experience sustained and unrelenting exponential 
        productivity increases. Studies demonstrate that your long-term 
        (10+ year) capital investment in those areas will substantially outperform 
        all other market sectors. 
Maintaining a good understanding of the motive forces 
        causing exponential growth in computation and productivity, and ways to 
        measure business productivity using theories of information, computation, 
        and complexity, should significantly improve your business foresight. 
        Furthermore, identifying the developmentally important (inevitable) 
        new technologies and well-run companies at the center of the transformation 
        will powerfully affect the performance of your organization and your investment 
        assets. Combining this knowledge with a sound and diversified long-term 
        technology investment strategy can stabilize your financial future in 
        a world of accelerating change. More on the Pre-Singularity 
        Economic Environment.  
These are practical benefits that pay off immediately, 
        rather than in 2020, 2140, or 2240. The choices we face today are always 
        the most relevant issues of our daily lives. All the rest of the apparent 
        structure of the universe is ultimately context to allow us to make better 
        computational choices, economic, political, personal, moral, logical, 
        emotional, and spiritual choices, in the present moment. 
If you'd like more on the way that even one's spiritual 
        choice may turn out to be a form of computation, consider the following 
        brief speculative piece.



 







Why 
      Understanding Accelerating Change Will Improve Balance and Accelerate Compassion 
      — A Humanist Perspective 


Any balance achieved is always a dynamic balance—biologists 
        know this concept as homeostasis. In order to achieve dynamic balance 
        in the midst of accelerating change, we must aggressively seek to understand 
        the exponential forces at work in our local environment. One of the great 
        benefits of living in an envirionment where our technology is speeding 
        up and complexifying all around us is that increasing numbers of us can 
        now afford to slow down and simplify our lives in the human space, to 
        attack fundamental social, political and humanitarian injustices worldwide, 
        and to achieve a deeper, better balance between our increasingly "organic" 
        technological environment and our intrinsic human biology and evolutionary 
        psychology.
The rapidly changing requirements of the ecologist's worthy 
        call for "environmental sustainability" are just one clear example 
        of this new opportunity. Modern global sustainability literature (i.e., 
        Hawken and Lovins, Natural Capitalism) now incorporates 
        a steadily deeper understanding of technology as a primary tool to achieve 
        greener futures. Likewise, "product 
        takeback legislation"(PDF), pioneered in several European countries, 
        is another example of sustainability leadership. Such legislation requires 
        manufacturers to be increasingly responsible for recycling and rebuilding 
        the products they produce. 
Thus the more intelligent, autonomous, and capable 
        our technology intrinsically becomes, the more we discover that we can 
        economically and politically afford to keep 'raising the standards' that 
        regulate its interface with the human environment, with surprisingly little 
        economic cost. In the process, we minimize the dangers and downsides, 
        hide impacts and irritations from human view, and develop technological 
        immune systems, or balancing and accountability technologies 
        that are capable of deep world modelling and fine gradations of response. 
        We can learn to use our technologies to reinforce the primary values of 
        our social and cultural environment.
So when we talk about our "environment," we 
        need to realize that we cannot in that analysis ignore our accelerating
technological environment, a very important component of the modern 
        natural world. Though it pales next to scale and spectacle of the celestial, 
        geological, and biological worlds, our accelerating technology has its 
        own undeniable beauty, awe, and wonder, and is without a doubt the most 
        continually surprising natural emergent phenomenon of the present day. 
        We say "natural" because it seems the height of our species' 
        arrogance to assume that we are capable of creating anything truly "artificial," 
        in other words, anything that is not in broad terms, an expected product 
        of natural universal processes. We may create imbalances, pollution, dehumanizing 
        first-generation solutions, and other negative externalities by our lack 
        of social foresight and poor choice of path, but such are our natural 
        mistakes, and as such they may be naturally corrected. Technology and 
        its algorithms are simply the most recently developed natural universal 
        substrate.
In the process, we should realize that our technologies, 
        when inadequately assessed or poorly implemented, can cause as many problems 
        as they create, especially in early developmental iterations. Technological 
        catastrophes also abound, though perhaps for deep universal reasons that 
        we will consider at another time, they have historically always been sharply 
        self-limiting in their destructive effect. At the same time, many deleterious 
        effects may be quite subtle, such as those that unconsciously contribute 
        to what Richard Rhodes (Visions of Technology) calls "structural 
        violence"—products, policies, and infrastructure which, by their 
        inherent design, contribute to division and discrimination more than inclusion, 
        enfranchisement, and access. Primitive automobiles that indirectly contribute 
        to the death of 1.3 million human beings in auto fatalities annually, 
        yet are necessary for economic life, cities without public transportation 
        and computer programs, or products which are unusable by non-technological 
        elites are a few examples of such violence, and there are many others. 
        As we seek to develop ever stronger forms of local balance within our 
        natural environment of accelerating change, we will need to intelligently 
        incorporate the best new technological ideas within our humanistic framework, 
        in order to both preserve and improve our selected values and ideals.
Yet amid all the dangers and concerns, some of our most 
        astute observers of technology have noted that an "accelerating compassion" 
        is also emerging. Our political, legal, economic, and social systems 
        are seeking an increasingly global rather than local balance, as we develop 
        ever more integrated and democratizing networks of communications, facilitating 
        progressively more pluralistic oversight, more egalitarian law, and more 
        internationalized trade. Certainly there are short-term setbacks, as are 
        presently occurring in intellectual property law after the internet emergence, 
        and in civil liberties after physical catastrophes such as 9/11. 
But these excesses rebalance themselves, apparently as a 
      function of the learning capacity of our social, political, economic, 
      and technological systems, systems that improve dramatically every year 
      as we approach an apparent technological singularity. This convergence on 
      a ubiquitous, self-balancing, and ever more intelligent web of information 
      and technology is leading us to a place where all human actors are increasingly 
      recognized as important and are being increasingly helped to become self-actualized 
      contributors to the human enterprise. At the same time, our increasing social 
      complexity is moving us toward a world where other living organisms are 
      treated with the care and respect we give to those humans and animals closest 
      to us. 
      Many socially-aware futurists, such as David Brin, have suggested 
        that culturally appropriate technological development ("uplifting") 
        of those individuals and social systems with less education, infrastructure, 
        and economic resources than ours is becoming a widely prevalent phenomenon. 
        Such uplifting of those less fortunate than us is now coming within the 
        scope and interest of enlightened small groups such as our planet's 100,000+ 
        nongovernmental organizations (NGO's), whose emergence and networking 
        is a recent phenomenon. Uplifting is also beginning to accelerate within 
        the ranks of the individual mega-millionaire altruists, an even more recent 
        emergence. Perhaps especially relevannt is the philanthropy being initiated 
        by those whose net worth is directly due to the recent acceleration of 
        technological systems. 
Among the sins of technology as presently deployed have been the creation 
        of counterinnovative and destabilizing income and asset disparities. A 
        few thousand of today's wealthiest individuals possess a net worth equivalent 
        to the bottom three billion of our planet's inhabitants. Yet the 
        injustice of some of these imbalances is finally precipitating a situation 
        where a handful of companies, or even single technology- and wealth-aided 
        individuals (e.g., George Soros' economic development efforts with 
        closed societies) are increasingly motivated to solve complex social problems, 
        in communities or across continents, for the 'return' of social and environmental 
        rather than economic gain. 
At the same time, we are collectively learning to measure (now) and progressively 
        close (in coming decades) the educational and resources divide between 
        the greatest and the poorest among us. This process is a direct recapitulation 
        of the way we first learned to recognize (1800's) and later control the 
        problem of runaway population growth. As those who have carefully studied 
        this issue know, the third derivative of world population went negative 
        for the planet as a whole circa 1970, and even for such regional holdouts 
        as India and Africa in the 1990's. The world population is now projected 
        to to hit a maximum of 9 to 11 billion circa 2050, and to decline 
        substantially from that point forward. 
Unbenownst to many, a "technological contraceptive" effect 
        is presently rapidly emerging in every developed nation on Earth. Population 
        sizes are presently declining in every technologically developed country 
        that is not growing through immigration. I believe this is occurring for 
        deep reasons involving our older reproductive drives being superseded 
        by our evolutionarily newer, more powerful drives for learning and self-actualization. 
        Computation always accelerates, wherever it can.
Like self-stabilizing population control, our self-stabilizing planetary 
        record of nuclear and biological arms control is similarly encouraging, 
        and even more time compressed. Here, the arms' proliferations occurred 
        in the 1950's and 1960's, the realization of wasteful excess arrived in 
        the 1970's, and the control efforts and substantial reductions began in 
        earnest in the 1980's and continue powerfully to this day. At the present 
        time, our first world intelligence and immunity network finally appears 
        to be on the verge of mandating a new anti-WMD proliferation policy for 
        all global governments. Let's hope it happens more quickly than the skeptics 
        expect. We can also expect and demand that the current imbalance of our 
        international informational divide will itself transition to a broad egalitarianism 
        of access to the planetary information grid in coming decades. This will 
        echo past processes of technological diffusion (vaccines, agriculture, 
        basic infrastructure) but now with even greater time compression in a 
        new, self-balancing process.
Such major philanthropists as Walter Annenberg, Arnold and 
        Mabel Beckman, Eli Broad, Joan Kroc, Bill and Melinda Gates,
George Soros, John Templeton and Ted Turner, and philanthropists 
        such as Mark Andreessen, Larry Ellison, Dean Kamen, Ray Kurzweil, John 
        and Catherine MacArthur, Michael Milken, Gordon Moore, Catherine 
        Muther, and many others have distinguished themselves as humanitarians 
        and humanists that promote research and technology to deeply improve human 
        welfare. Their tradition is a long and noble one, mirroring the efforts 
        of Johannes Gutenberg, Louis Pasteur, Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Edison, 
        Margaret Sanger, Jonas Salk, and many other inventor-visionaries who 
        demonstrated a deep and accelerating compassion in the employment of their 
        own best technologies of the day. Such individuals are all implicitly 
        transhumanist in the way they embrace appropriate science and technology 
        as the greatest levers of human progress.
Transhumanists, in our definition of the term, are any who seek to chart 
        an accelerating, dynamically balanced and ever more compassionate path 
        as they explore an inevitable course of technologically improving and 
        extending our natural human abilities. Increasingly, we will extend those 
        abilities in ways that must progressively change us into something much 
        more than our present biological selves. Critically considering these 
        topics, while strongly retaining your common sense, global compassion, 
        and humanist ethical intuition, can be of great benefit to developing 
        personal and social foresight for our accelerating future.



 








Why 
        Anthropic Cosmology (A Universe Apparently Tuned for Life and Intelligence) 
        Does Not Require a Designer, and Teleology (a Theory of Universal Destiny) 
        is Not a Theology — The Theory of Universal Evolutionary Development



In recent decades, science has uncovered an impressive 
        and ever-growing list of elements of universal structure that strongly 
        favor the emergence of life (and perhaps also, of intelligence). This 
        deep and valuable concept, the anthropic 
        principle, exists at the interface between cosmology 
        and theology, and is aiding the growing rapprochement we are observing 
        between science and spirituality. In its most interesting developmental 
        variant, this principle proposes that the fundamental parameters of our 
        universe have somehow become "tuned" for both the emergence 
        of life and the ever-accelerating emergence of increasingly local forms 
        of computational complexity. 
In considering this proposal, it is important to realize 
        that such evidence, if true, does not require or suggest the 
        existence of an embodied, omniscient, or omnipotent supernatural universal 
        designer (God, Cosmic Engineer). As an alternative and conceptually far 
        more parsimonious explanation, our universe seems much more likely 
        to have been self-organized via fully natural evolutionary 
        and developmental processes, to have such special structure, 
        over many successive cycles in the multiverse, in the same fashion 
        that replicating complex adaptive systems in other substrates, such as 
        biology, appear to be similarly tuned to maintain their own internal complexity 
        and replication capacity. 
In other words, we may live in "evolutionary developmental 
        (evo devo) universe." Fortunately, there is an emerging systems theory 
        of universal evolutionary development that may provide powerful 
        insights into this issue. In the biological domain, living organisms have 
        required many successive cycles to develop their own special initial parameters, 
        which are carefully tuned for emergent form and function within the 
        lifecycle of any particular organism. Likewise, if we consider the 
        universe as a developmental process, we can propose that a number of natural 
        phenomena, such as the emergence of life, biological intelligence, or 
        electronic consciousness (the technological singularity), may also be 
        highly predictable future developmental events. We can even testably propose 
        that certain emergences are a "destiny" that the universe must 
        locally (or multi-locally) arrive at, failing developmental catastrophe. 
        Such predictions are not at all equivalent to a theology (a religious 
        faith), though some would attempt this connection. 
The words "teleology" (structural or functional 
        purpose to a system) and "destiny" or "predestination" 
        (predictable future aspects of a system) make some scientists cringe, 
        for important historical reasons. Let's briefly review some of those reasons 
        now, and consider the way new theories of self-organization and evolutionary 
        development may allow us to step beyond historical and social prejudices 
        and arrive at a clearer understanding of universal dynamics..
First, scholars who consider anthropic issues must take 
        pains to distinguish themselves from practitioners in the Intelligent 
        Design (ID) community, who also consider anthropic evidence but often 
        attempt to use it in unscientific ways. There are a few notable ID scholars 
        engaging in original anthropic research, but unfortunately, the ID community 
        has significantly tied its scholarly research agenda to an activist Christian 
        political agenda that, among other objectives, seeks to have ID writings 
        taught as science in U.S. educational institutions. A small portion of 
        ID scholarship is legitimate philosophy of science, and deserves treatment 
        as such (not science, but philosophy) in the university. But a much larger 
        portion is simply Christian apologetics and hidden creationism, or philosophy 
        of religion and religious studies, not even philosophy of science, which 
        itself is not science. Given ID's sordid history, the mainstream anthropic 
        cosmology must continue to carefully separate itself from ID in all its 
        forms. At the same time, any serious developmentalist scholars within 
        the ID community would do well to distance themselves from the ID community 
        if they seek serious consideration of their insights, and citation of 
        their work, by the global scientific community.
There are also notable anthropic theorists, such as Michael 
        Denton (Nature's Destiny, 1998), who don’t self-identify 
        within the ID community, yet take positions consistent with that community. 
        Denton does interesting work in anthropic molecular biology, and acknowledges 
        the universal record of accelerating complexity development, yet mysteriously 
        argues this acceleration must somehow stop with the human form, 
        which he hypothesizes as the developmental purpose, or telos, of the universe. 
        That position seems untenable to acceleration scholars, as we already 
        have seen machine intelligence leap past human capabilities in narrow 
        areas, and there is increasing evidence that their marginal learning rate 
        is at least a millionfold faster than that of humankind (Cosmic Evolution, 
        Chaisson 2001). Fortunately, time and change will allow us to verify or 
        falsify this hypothesis.
Second, a number of scholars have shied away from confronting 
        anthropic evidence as a result of attempts to dismiss it as anthropic 
        bias, using what we may call the random observer self-sampling assumption 
        (RSSA). But if universal developmental processes exist, they 
        must create nonrandom developmentally special reference frames, 
        which means that all RSSA models presently used to critique anthropic 
        evidence must themselves be incorrect, as there is a more fundamental 
        framework (universal development) that they are not accounting for. Evidence 
        is mounting that intelligence in any evolutionary developmental 
        system (an organism or a universe) is not a random observer, but one that 
        has been tuned to have an observational position that is increasingly 
        privileged as development proceeds (for such functions as developmentally 
        guided adaptation to the environment, replication, and progression through 
        the life cycle).
Third, there has long been a misconception that 
        the idea of predestination of a complex system must somehow oppose the 
        idea of a perceived "free will" within that system. In actuality 
        however, these are nonexclusive concepts. The development of an organism 
        serves as a proof of concept that systems are able to self-construct from 
        special, tuned, and iteratively self-designed initial conditions that 
        extensively utilize unpredictable evolutionary chaos (strange 
        attractors) in the process of creating a long chain of statistically 
        predetermined developmental events (attractors). These two parallel 
        perspectives on physical process allow us to understand how human and 
        other complex adaptive systems can simultaneously contain two apparently 
        contradictory qualities. Those qualities are both an irreducible 
        evolutionary "freedom" (essential pseudorandomness of one's 
        own thought and behavior to self-observation) as well as an inherent developmental 
        "predictability" (statistically predictable psychological and 
        behavioral trajectory, based on physical contraints of the interacting 
        systems). 
Fourth, destiny-averse scientists may have come to their 
        perspective because they have focused on the well-known, well-studied 
        findings of the randomness of evolutionary processes, but have 
        completely overlooked the potential applicability of the deterministic 
        phenomenon of biological development. It is clear, for example, given 
        a permissive environment, that a fertilized human egg is "destined," 
        13 years later, to become a fully developed adult organism with very specific 
        features, and the ability to pass on its own mature sperm or egg in an 
        iterative evolutionary developmental cycle. It is also clear that such 
        eggs or "seeds" must pass through a whole series of time and 
        structure-specific future events in their unfolding. 
What is not known to a surprising number of scientists 
        and systems theorists even today is that all known developmental processes 
        incorporate countless random, chaotic phases of adaptive 'evolutionary' 
        selection within their unfolding developmental plan. Discovering 
        the way that chaos is used in self-organizing developmental systems will 
        clearly be one of the keys to the puzzle of growing autonomous 
        adaptive technological systems on silicon substrates in coming years. 
        If you are interested in building biologically inspired computers and 
        are looking for a grand theoretical and experimental challenge, there 
        may not be a better one than understanding developmental biology at the 
        present time. The predominant adaptive evolutionary randomness seen at 
        low levels (molecular, genetic, cellular, signalling systems, etc.) is 
        productive, is constrained by, and informs the future expression of the 
        overarching developmental program. 
The paradigm and process of evolutionary development 
        (evo devo) thus incorporates evolution, but in a manner that does 
        not disrupt the larger program of developmental emergence. So it 
        is with any developmental system that a special subset of future events—a 
        small but very significant minority—will be highly "statistically 
        predestined." Perhaps the most important modern proponent of this 
        perspective was the scientist and theologian Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, 
        who coined the elegant, profound, and still-little-used term, "cosmic 
        embryogenesis," (four Google hits in 2003, ten in 2004, 
        93 in 2008) to propose that universal cosmology is apparently developmentally 
        programmed to proceed through a series of inevitable emergent stages of 
        information processing while also searching out a large number of locally 
        unique evolutionary paths in the process. Teilhard's stages, describing 
        a universal developmental progression from geosphere, to biosphere, to 
        noosphere, remain intuitive and relevant today. Yet like models of human 
        consciousness itself, developmentalist models of universal change are 
        still weak and recently emergent in the scientific community. 
A nice website for bibliographic updates to Teilhard's 
        developmentalist paradigm is Arthur Fabel's Naturalgenesis.net, 
        an "Annotated Anthology Sourcebook for the Worldwide Discovery of 
        a Creative Organic Universe." This collection of annotated reference 
        material suffers only from the perception, also echoed by Thomas 
        Berry, Brian Swimme and other ecological thinkers, 
        that humanity and our institutions are entering some kind of "crisis" 
        that will require us to "radically reorganize" our conception 
        of the universe. In fact, it is looking increasingly likely that most 
        humans and our institutions may never learn the developmentalist 
        paradigm consciously, yet the transition to a postbiological substrate 
        appears to be going quite well globally, perpetuated in numerous unconscious 
        and partially conscious ways. The quality of the transition, 
        however, is the major open question we face. Whether we humans are able 
        to engineer a progressively cleaner, safer, and more just and empowering 
        world for ourselves in the inevitable transition ahead, or whether we 
        will continue to degrade our environment, crap in our own nests, impoverish 
        our culture, disempower and diseducate our own youth and citizenry, and 
        be dragged kicking and wailing and self-obsessing into the technological 
        singularity era seems to be our primary ethical and political choice.
I would propose that our universe exhibits all the features 
        of an evolutionary developmental system as it unfolds within the multiverse. 
        Developmental systems such as biological organisms use the learning they 
        acquire during their lifespan to reorganize (carefully tune, across multiple 
        iterations) their initial developmental parameters less randomly in subsequent 
        cycles. Thus, keeping learning (adaptation) central to our discussion 
        will help us understand the evolutionary value of assigning individual 
        responsibility wherever possible in what also appears to be, not in its 
        evolutionary but in its developmental features, a statistically deterministic 
        universe.
It is also worth noting that even though we may find evidence 
        everywhere for intelligent (e.g., anthropic) universal design and apparent 
        developmental destiny, such as the technological singularity, any speculations 
        we may have regarding an intelligent designer remain in the realm 
        of our own personal theology. If we live in an evolutionary developmental 
        universe, any intelligence which may have been involved in the production 
        of our carefully 'tuned' universe must be limited, mortal, and ignorant 
        in profound ways, as with all physically embodied intelligence. Such intelligence 
        would not be Gods, but simply ancestors, and not "designers" 
        but creatures with very limited influence on the developmental architecture 
        of our universe, an architecture far older than any emergent universal 
        intelligence, and which has self-organized to extensively constrain that 
        intelligence, as we see in all biological systems.
None of this is to denigrate theology, as unprovable belief 
        has a necessary and unique place in the intelligence of all finite creatures 
        and is a computational choice that must be faced by all who contemplate 
        the reasons behind the splendid universal order that we observe. Scientific 
        Naturalism, Agnosticism, Humanism, Atheism, Animism, Buddhism, Hinduism, 
        Islam, Judeo-Christianity, or any of the other myriad perspectives we 
        may consider, even Nihilism, are all personal theological choices, based 
        on faith (even an assessment of the incompleteness of data is still a 
        faith) and ultimately defensible only to ourselves - though we may have 
        strong reasons for our personal belief preferences, and even seek to convince 
        others of them using nonscientific means. 
Some authors (see Kurzweil, Age 
        of Spiritual Machines, 1999) equate spirituality with the evolutionary 
        processes of consciousness, thus attempting to capture it within a potentially 
        scientific framework. But theology and spirituality involve not only the 
        paths we choose to take to live better, more "spiritual" lives, 
        but also include beliefs about "metaphysics", presently and 
        potentially permanently unknowable structures of reality. Some transcendentalist 
        philosophers define the conception of God as an extrapolation of the utilitarian 
        and scientific concept of infinity—defined as an "unending process" 
        in mathematics. If we accept this definition, we can conclude that theology 
        will remain with us and our electronic successors indefinitely, as a productive 
        and personal counterpart to scientific investigation. 
Religion and science are two clearly separable domains. 
        The first is based on a personally chosen faith in particulars of universal 
        process and outcome, and the second also includes untested belief, but 
        with a mandate to  minimize axiomatic belief wherever possible. 
        Hopefully this helps clarify that speculations on the nature of the singularity, 
        in all its forms, are well within the domain of critical and scientific 
        investigation, and remain separate and apart from our personal theologies, 
        whatever they may be.



 







Brief 
      Homework for the Reader


At present Ray Kurzweil's, The 
        Age of Spiritual Machines, 1999, is perhaps the best 
        book to concisely introduce yourself to mechanisms and implications of 
        the coming technological singularity.

To 
          buy this book at Amazon ($12).

Once you've read Spiritual Machines, 
        you may wish to explore Ray's 60 page precis, "The 
        Law of Accelerating Returns," at his informative site on the 
        future, KurzweilAI. This precis 
        is an outline of The 
        Singularity is Near, 2005, his most recent book with 
        additional insights in acceleration studies. 
If you'd like a more cosmic, philosophical, and teleological 
        take on the meaning and direction of Earth's accelerating evolutionary 
        development, I recommend Teilhard de Chardin, either 
        the briefer Man's 
        Place in Nature, 1956/2000 or the more difficult 
The Human Phenomenon (mistranslated as 'The Phenomenon of Man'), 
        1955/99. Teilhard is challenging to read at times, but his understanding 
        of the emergent importance of consciousness, ethics, emotion, love, and 
        the "psychical" properties of matter, in balance with the simpler, 
        more scientifically tractable physical emergences, has rarely been equalled. 
        It will take some time before science provides us with a 'calculus of 
        civilization', a 'mathematics of morality,' and an 'information theory 
        of love, consciousness, and wholeness', but I believe such science must 
        one day emerge, as these concepts seem clearly fundamental to information, 
        computation, intelligence, and consciousness increase in universal evolutionary 
        development. Arthur Fabel's edited collection, Teilhard 
        in the 21st Century, 2003, is also highly recommended. 
We could give you more homework, but then we wouldn’t 
        be doing our job, which is to educate you on acceleration studies and 
        evolutionary development theory in the most high-yield, time-efficient 
        manner possible.  











The 
        Acceleration Clock — Countdown to Emergence




My current guesstimate for Generally Human-Surpassing 
        A.I. is 2060 (± 
        20 years).
For an overview of prominent singularity timing predictions, 
        see Singularity Timing Predictions, 
        Discussion Groups, and Introductory Links. In the current and 
        speculative literature on this topic, a rough average date of 2040 A.D., 
        with a primary range between 2020 and 2060, encompasses the majority of 
        existing predictions on the arrival of autonomous intelligence (A.I.). 
        
My own personal investigations, which are as much a guess 
        as anyone else's at this point, suggest that 2060, 
        with rough ± 20 year standard deviation for 68% confidence 
        (singularity somewhere between 2040 and 2080), and ± 
        40 year standard deviation for 95% confidence (singularity somewhere 
        between 2020 and 2100), is a more realistic estimate. 
If this guess is correct, be sure to enjoy and cherish 
        what some of our most careful observers expect to be the last fifty two 
        (or 12, or 92, depending on your intuition) years left in the Simply Human 
        Era.
 We should be highly suspicious to find that these date 
        ranges are in a timeframe so self-servingly and conveniently close to 
        our own lifespans. Yet there are a number of useful early quantitative 
        estimates that support the 2040 to 2080 timeframe. My own guess of 2060 
        is later than most, as I think even technically-informed futurists tend 
        to be too optimistic, underestimating the difficulty of technical challenges. 
        For one example of an often neglected challenge to A.I. acceleration, 
        the increasingly critical requirement of adding machine 
        ethics to our increasingly powerful robotic and automated systems, 
        and of testing that ethical achitecture to minimize risk to human beings, 
        may easily add another twenty years of work before we are willing 
        to produce machines smart enough to reliably and safely direct their own 
        self improvement. See Ron Arkin's Governing 
        Lethal Behavior, 2006, for some current work in this area.
One thing seems certain: this current prediction will 
        be revised up or down toward greater accuracy as the fields of Acceleration 
        Studies and Evolutionary Development Theory emerge in coming years, 
        and as better acceleration metrics (technometrics, informetrics) and models 
        come into use. Promoting the development of these academic disciplines 
        is one of the goals of our ASF community. 
        
The Acceleration Clock is intended as an optimistic complement 
        and hopefully, eventual successor to the infamous (and still valuable) 
        Doomsday Clock of 
        the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists. You would do well to keep 
        one eye on the clock!










Further 
      Exploring


If you can spare the time—perhaps the key question 
        for all of us in this accelerated age—you might enjoy Vernor Vinge’s 
        brief (8 page) and illuminating essay "The 
        Coming Technological Singularity," (1993) which began the rapid 
        spread of discussion of these concepts in recent years.
Consider also Damien Broderick’s  very informative 
        and accessible The 
        Spike, 1998[2000] (home 
        page), which has the distinction of being the first generalist book 
        published on the topic of the singularity. Particularly recommended is 
        his addendum to the second edition, available online as "Tearing 
        Toward the Spike." (2000).
Ray's The Singularity is Near, 2005, 
        is a more recent work on this still understudied topic. Another informative 
        brief piece is Francis Heylighen's Socio-Technological 
        Singularity, part of the impressive Principia 
        Cybernetica Web project.
My own forthcoming work builds on the insights of Vinge, 
        Broderick, Kurzweil, and Heylighen, to suggest universal developmental 
        mechanisms for accelerating change, and specifically how these mechanisms 
        appear to be rapidly leading us toward a particular universal endpoint. 
        
This developmental 
        singularity hypothesis is a speculative extension of work by Lee 
        Smolin, Edward Harrison, James Gardner, Bela Balazs, and other 
        physicist-cosmologists and complexity theorists in recent decades. This 
        book is an expansion of my thesis essay, "White Hole Destiny?" 
        originally presented at the May 
        and September 
        2000 Foresight conferences in 
        Palo Alto, CA, and the formalization of ideas I first developed as a middle 
        school student in 1972. 
For a brief, accessible background paper to the developmental 
        singularity hypothesis, you might wish to read Bela Balazs' "The 
        Role of Life in the Cosmological Replication Cycle," 2001. 
        James Gardner's Biocosm, 
        2003, is also an excellent book-length exploration of the same idea.
While Vinge, Broderick, Kurzweil, Gardner and I all agree 
        on the imminence of the singularity and importance of physical mechanisms, 
        we each suggest different post-singularity futures, with my developmental 
        singularity model predicting perhaps the most specific kind of future 
        yet proposed. Whether the model will be validated or falsified by future 
        research of course remains to be determined.
KurzweilAI.net, 
        Edge.org, Foresight.org, 
        Extropy.org, Transhumanism.org, 
        and Principia Cybernetica, 
        are all web communities that have extensively discussed accelerating technological 
        change and the technological singularity from multidisciplinary perspectives. 
        A visit to any of these sites can be quite informative. 
Other important futures organizations, like the Long 
        Now Foundation (Long Bets, 
        The Clock 
        of the Long Now, 2000), seek to help people develop longer range 
        and global perspectives, while still paying attention to growing technological 
        intelligence. There are also a growing number of "singularitarians" 
        who profess a conditional belief in the concept of the technological singularity, 
        and who propose that striving to create as rapid and safe a singularity 
        as possible should be primary goals. Singularity 
        University and the Singularity 
        Institute are leading examples of such organizations. If you are 
        investigating singularitarian literature, you may appreciate our position 
        statement on Singularitarians and Singularity 
        Belief.
General Reading
If you can engage in further reading to get a broader 
        and deeper understanding of the cultural, technological, and universal 
        computational events that are leading us to the singularity, here are 
        a few more illuminating works to consider. Some are accompanied by online 
        references. Books are linked to often insightful Amazon reviews.


Nonzero: 
          The Logic of Human Destiny, Robert 
          Wright, 1999. Emergent collective ethics.
Reviews, 
          excerpts and other articles. 

Just 
          Six Numbers, Martin Rees, 2001
          Credible update of evidence for universal fine tuning for the emergence 
          of local computational complexity. 

Biocosm, 
          James Gardner, 2003
          Important new interpretation of anthropic cosmology insights.
The 
          Pursuit of Destiny: A History of Prediction, Paul Halpern, 2000
The 
          Bit and the Pendulum: The New Physics of Information,
Tom Siegfried, 
          2000
The 
          Pattern on the Stone: The Simple Ideas that Make Computers Work,
Daniel Hillis, 1999 
The 
          Pentagon's New Map, 
          Thomas Barnett, 
          2004
Article 
          Version (Barnett's Site). Global immune systems.
The 
          Universal Computer,
Martin Davis, 2000
The 
          Global Brain: The Evolution of the Mass Mind from the Big Bang to the 
          21st Century,
Howard Bloom, 2000
Knowing 
          Machines,
Donald MacKenzie, 1998
The 
          Emergence of Everything,
Harold Morowitz, 2002
Emergence,
Steven Johnson, 2002
Linked: 
          The New Science of Networks,
Albert Barabasi, 
          2002
Out 
          of Control: The New Biology of Machines, Social Systems, and the Economic 
          World, Kevin 
          Kelly, 1994
This 
          book is also online.
Beyond 
          Humanity: Cyberevolution and Future Minds, Gregory 
          Paul and Earl Cox, 1996
Sample 
          chapter and reviews.
After 
          Thought: The Computer Challenge to Human Intelligence,
James Bailey, 
          1996
Review1 
          | Review2 
          | Review3
The 
          Third Culture: Beyond the Scientific Revolution, John 
          Brockman, 1996
Available 
          online.
Visions 
          of Technology: A Century of Vital Debate..., Richard 
          Rhodes, 2000
Review. 
          Unabridged audio version ($13 rent, $20 buy) also available as ten 
          90 min. cassettes. Great for commute or exercise.




 
 
 




 


Semi-Technical 

        Reading 
Science is still some years away from a theory of emergent 
        computation (a superset of physics, information theory, and complexity), 
        that will outline and clarify what we are now observing—an apparently 
        inevitable universal developmental progression to local runaway complexity. 
        Nevertheless, significant insights can be gained from selective reading 
        of semi-technical and technical literature.
Piero Scaruffi has done a short overview (Self-Organization 
        and the Science of Emergence) of some historical theorists of the 
        physics of emergence. Many of these theories are incomplete and contradictory, 
        but such must be the nature of new syntheses at the leading edge. If you 
        are interested in exploring further, I'd particularly recommend knowing 
        about the following pioneers, in rough preference order: Eric Chaisson 
        (and his theory of free energy rate density flux, or Phi), Ilya 
        Prigogine (and his theory of dissipative structures), Stan Salthe 
        (and his macrodevelopmental theory of hierarchy emergence), Lee Smolin 
        (and his theory of cosmologic natural selection), Ian Stewart 
        and Jack Cohen (and their theories of emergence), John Holland 
        (and his compex adaptive systems and emergence theory), Stephanie 
        Forrest (and her theory of emergent computation), Stuart Kauffman 
        (and his theory of self-organization), Per Bak (and his theory 
        of self-organized criticality), Erich Jantsch (and his theory of 
        self-organization), Murray Gell-Mann (and his theory of emergence), 
        Hermann Haken (and his theory of synergetics), Harold Odum (and 
        his theory of energy flux), Manfred Eigen (and his theory of the 
        hypercycle), Rene Thom (and his theory of phase transition singularities), 
        Rod Swenson (and his variant of ecological psychology), David 
        Harel (and his overview of the theory of computation), Francisco 
        Varela (and his theory of autonomous systems) Ervin Laszlo 
        and Ludwig Von Bertalanffy (and their general systems theories).
Other insightful reads are listed below. Resources marked 
        with  are particularly 
        helpful for understanding accelerating local change/computation as a statistically 
        inevitable, convergent, universal process of evolutionary development. 
        Those with  are more 
        technical or challenging in nature. Skim them as you are inclined.


Cosmic 
          Evolution: The Rise of Complexity in Nature, Eric Chaisson, 
          2001
Review 
          | Cosmic 
          Evolution Website (Tufts)

The 
          Life of the Cosmos, Lee Smolin, 1997
Review and 
          Useful Links

The 
          Evolutionary Trajectory: The Growth of Information in the History and 
          Future of the Earth, Richard Coren, 1998

Review 
          - brief registration necessary

Exploring 
          Complexity: An Introduction, Gregoire Nicolis and Ilya Prigogine, 
          1989
Hidden 
          Unity in Nature's Laws, John Tayler, 2001
The 
          Self-Made Tapestry, Philip Ball, 1999
Review
Small 
          Worlds, 
          Duncan Watts, 1999
Review

The 
          Computational Beauty of Nature, Gary Flake, 1998
Review
Algorithmics: 
          The Spirit of Computing, David Harel, 1992

Emergence: 
          From Chaos to Order, John Holland, 1998 
Review1 
          | Review2 
          | Review3
For a popular overview of John and his perspectives on Artificial 
          Life see Omni 
          Magazine Archives
Hidden 
          Order: How Adaptation Builds Complexity, John Holland, 
          1995 
Summary 
          | Review
The 
          Intelligent Universe, Fred Hoyle, 1983

Origination 
          of Organismal Form: Beyond the Gene in Developmental and Evolutionary 
          Biology, Gerd 
          Müller and Stuart Newman (Eds), 2003

Development 
          and Evolution, Stanley Salthe, 1993
Review 

Chance 
          in Biology, Mark Denny and Steven Gaines, 2002

Emergent 
          Computation , Stephanie Forrest (Ed)., 1989
Review 
          (email request) | Citations

Maximum 
          Power: The Ideas of H.T. Odum, Charles Hall, 1995

Other insightful books are listed on the Developmental 
        Singularity page.










Quotes 
      from Some Acceleration Watchers





"Within 
              thirty years, we will have the technological means to create superhuman 
              intelligence. Shortly after, the human era will be ended."
Vernor 
              Vinge, 1993
              From The 
              Coming Technological Singularity

"Many 
              physicists are attempting to derive a Grand Unified Theory (GUT) 
              out of the universe... This effort may be incomplete in that particles 
              may merely be a reflection of the information-processing foundations 
              of the universe (but it is certainly not a waste of time because 
              this research may help us figure out how the information-processing 
              system works). In the end, we may not be able to completely understand 
              the universe, if it is ever possible to do so, until it is examined 
              as a self-evolving and organizing information-processing machine, 
              one that produces intelligent minds to examine itself with. In this 
              view, a theory of consciousness may be consolidated with a theory 
              of physics into a Grand Information Theory (GIT)."
Gregory 
              Paul & Earl Cox, 1994

"Natural 
              selection is important, but it has not labored alone... self-organization 
              is the root source of order. The order of the biological world, 
              I have come to believe, is not merely tinkered, but arises naturally 
              and spontaneously because of these principles of self-organization 
              – laws of complexity that we are just beginning to uncover 
              and understand... How do we use the information gleaned about the 
              parts to build up a theory of the whole? The deep difficulty here 
              lies in the fact that the complex whole may exhibit properties that 
              are not readily explained by understanding the parts. The complex 
              whole, in a completely nonmystical sense, can often exhibit collective 
              properties, "emergent" features that are lawful in their 
              own right."
Stuart 
              Kauffman, 1995

 

"Technology 
              is advancing ‘exponentially’ or faster. This means that 
              the bulk of the change in knowledge and capacity needed to precipitate 
              the singularity will occur within the last year [or two] before 
              the event. [Translation: most of us won’t see it coming.]"
Dan 
              Clemmensen, 1996

"We are 
              brothers and sisters of our machines. Minds and tools have been 
              sharpened against each other ever since a scavenger’s stone 
              fractured cleanly and the first cutting edge was held in a hunter’s 
              hand... All known systems that exhibit intelligent behavior rely 
              on the communication of information... all our [computer] networking 
              protocols... are simply a way of allowing hundreds of millions of 
              individual processors to tune selectively to each other’s signals, 
              free of interference, as they wish."
George 
              Dyson, 1997

"The [biological] 
              evolution we have experienced for 10 billion years is reaching a 
              state beyond which it cannot proceed without a fundamental and radical 
              change of direction, form, mechanism, and nature. [Due primarily 
              to our recent ability to generate meaningful information much more 
              readily than our biological forms can process it]."
Richard 
              Coren, 1998

"Computers 
              doubled in speed every three years at the beginning of the twentieth 
              century, every two years in the 1950s and 1960s, and are now doubling 
              in speed every twelve months. This trend will continue, with computers 
              achieving the memory capacity and computing speed of the human brain 
              by around the year 2020. ...the fate of the universe is a decision 
              yet to be made, one which we [or perhaps more accurately, our electronic 
              successors] will intelligently consider when the time is right."
Ray 
              Kurzweil, 1999 













What's 

      Next: Future Projects

 The singularity idea is as 
        broad-ranging as it is fundamental, encompassing so many dimensions of 
        the human condition: scientific, social, political, economic, humanitarian, 
        philosophical, and spiritual, to name just a few. 
I'm presently engaged in a general readership book on 
        this topic, considering accelerating change within the emerging paradigm 
        of universal evolutionary development, and exploring scientific, technological, 
        social, political, economic, and philosophical implications of continuous 
        accelerating change, and collective ethical issues as we approach an apparently 
        inevitable emergent A.I.
What is needed in this still-nascent field of study is 
        a definitive specialist text, some kind of Acceleration Studies 
        and Evolutionary Development Theory: A New Synthesis, similar 
        to E.O. Wilson's excellent Sociobiology textbook, which 
        in one stroke defined the discipline that is today called evolutionary 
        psychology. There are promising acceleration-relevant academic fields, 
        such as ecological 
        psychology, which use nonlinear science in a synthetic manner. But 
        there are none yet which attempt to confront and understand the central 
        importance and interrelationships of evolutionary developmental phase 
        transitions in driving the accelerating emergence of complexity and computation 
        in the cosmos. . 
In the nearer term, our nonprofit, the Acceleration 
        Studies Foundation, is involved in the development of the 
        Evo Devo Universe 
        global scholarly research community, which explores and critiques evolutionary 
        and developmental models of the universe which attempt to make sense of 
        accelerating change. The EDU community maintains a listserve 
        and runs an occasional conference for evolution, development, complexity, and acceleration scholars. 
ASF also produces an occasional conference for general 
        audiences, Accelerating 
        Change at Stanford University, featuring presentations, 
        debates, and discussions that explore issues in accelerating change. If 
        you’d like to help further develop either the ASF 
        or the EDU communities, please email 
        me, we'd love to work with you.
We live in a very special time. Half the humans who have 
        ever been alive are here on this planet right now, nurturing a transition 
        that seems to be of universal importance, a transition we appear to be 
        developmentally destined to experience. We are executing a larger universal 
        purpose that our science hasn't yet clearly figured out, yet we know it 
        has something to do with transforming ourselves into something more humane, 
        loving, intelligent, interdependent, and immune from nature's worst adversities 
        than we are today.
 Please take care of yourselves and your loved ones and 
        stay optimistic yet pragmatic. The universe appears to be unfolding mostly 
        as it should, and I think it’s pretty special that we are here to 
        witness the biggest changes that any humans will ever see.
It truly is a wonderful time to be alive!
Respectfully,

        John Smart
        Los Gatos, CA and Ann Arbor, MI 
[Feedback: johnsmart{at}gmail.com]


 



Accelerating 

        change is apparently inevitable. The future is an untold story of hidden processes and emergent 

        events, some of which are inherent (encoded) in the developmental structure 

        of the universe. 
Let's discover and  better manage those processes and events, together.





