

ASF (Acceleration Studies Foundation)



































































 






Dear ASF Friends,
This is the legacy (archival) site for the ASF nonprofit (2003-2023). Over twenty years, we accomplished a lot (summary here). But we have also outgrown our original mission. We now have a new mission and a new name. 
 ASF is now GFN, the Good Foresight Network. We remain a nonprofit. But our focus has shifted from acceleration studies (understanding accelerating change) to a broader mission: Thriving in an Exponential World.
We now focus on three things, each captured in our new name.

 Good. There is a social psychology of universal (cross-cultural) values. In our modern world, being values-aware, values inclusive, and values-balanced  is now critical to being personally and organizationally adaptive.
Foresight. Human foresight is a conflict between Probable, Possible, Preferred, and Preventable futures--"The Four Ps". To adapt to accelerating change, we must master all four of these assessments.
Network. The most adaptive systems in nature are not individuals, or even groups, but networks (ecosystems) of individuals and groups. Hormesis (getting stronger under stress) in any system comes directly from the strength, diversity, and quality of its supporting networks. After our  Values and Vision, maintaining healthy Networks  (personal, org, societal, tech) is one of our top strategies for personal success and societal progress.

Are you happy with your personal and professional networks? Do they aspire to be strong, diverse, inclusive, values-focused, and foresighted? If not, we welcome you to join ours. See GoodForesight.org (soon) for our new website, and network. 
Thanks for visiting. We hope to see you, thriving, in the future. 
ASF President John Smart | @JohnMSmart
 









 




The Foresight Guide seeks to be the world’s best overview of the vital and evolving field of professional foresight,  and a set of key stories and speculations on the 21st Century, as general futures thinking. It covers models, methods, case studies, stories, ideas, and resources for improving personal, team, organizational, societal, global, and universal futures. It is written from an acceleration-aware, evo-devo, and evidence-based perspective. 
A permanent and free online edition of the Guide was posted, in a page-commentable form, at ForesightGuide.com in 2016. The print version of the Guide spans two volumes (Foresight and Futures). Book 1, Introduction to Foresight, Nov 2021, is now available on Amazon. Book 2, 21st Century Futures,  will be published in Nov 2023. 



 








 
Archival Resources:
 ASF Slides, Audio, and Video | Articles and Books 

Biweekly ASF newsletter. Brief items to help you grow personal, personal, organizational, and global foresight in our amazing, ever-accelerating world. 

SUBSCRIBE


8,400
subscribers as of Apr 2016. Select Back Issues. 







 
 

 
                          NETWORK

Look 
                          Further. Think Deeper. 
                          Act Smarter.
Boldly creating a world that works for 
                          all. Monthly meetings in ten cities at 
                          present. Set up a salon in 
                          your city!


 
















OTHER PROJECTS
 





Evo 
                      Devo Universe

 
 


EDU is an 
                international community 
                of scholars exploring evolutionary and developmental processes 
                in the universe and its subsystems. Interested in learning and 
                advancing the science and systems theory relevant to acceleration 
                studies? What is predictable in complex systems? What is accelerating 
                change? How do we differentiate between predictable and unpredictable 
                processes in the universe and its subsystems? Join us to discuss 
                these future-important questions.
The Science of Performance Curves, an EDU Workshop presently in the planning stage. Would you like to sponsor or volunteer to help us produce this?
- What explains the differential rates of acceleration in our technology performance curves (computing, storage, bandwidth, energy production, etc.) as documented in Performance Curve Databases?
                - The greatest gains occur in technologies where the rates of miniaturization and virtualization are the fastest. Why is this curious fact so little-known? What are its business, policy, and social implications?
                - Can we develop better predictive theories for the growth and future of technology performance curves?
Action Items 
1. Can ASF help your organization 
                with talks, reports, seminars, or workshops? See our 
                Services page.
2. Looking for a good wiki directory 
                of global foresight? Visit Global 
                Foresight, ASF's wiki directory of Networks, 
                Events, Programs, People, Orgs, and Resources for emerging global 
                foresight culture.
3. Desire a credential in foresight 
                work? See Foresight Graduate 
                Programs - Global List, ASF's list of top Primary 
                and Secondary graduate programs in professional foresight. Consider 
                these if you want interdisciplinary training in thinking about 
                issues of global progress and accelerating change.
4. Are you a foresight student, 
                educator, researcher, employer, alum, or advocate? Join the Foresight 
                Education and Research Network, a global 
                LinkedIn community of foresight students, researchers, educators (K-12, 
                university, professional) and employers working on projects to 
                advance foresight education and research.
5. Like to meet other foresighted 
                folks in your local community? Start a Future 
                Salon, on your own or with a co-moderator. Invite 
                interesting local thinkers to give free talks on future-oriented 
                topics once a month (or less), and go to dinner afterward for 
                more conversation. Grow your network of change- and innovation-oriented 
                friends!


 












PREVIOUS ASF CONFERENCES






Foresight 
                Careers 2013: Strategies for finding and keeping great foresight 
                jobs.
Evo 
                Devo Universe 2008: Predictable and unpredictable aspects 
                of universal change.
Metaverse 
                Roadmap Summit 2006: Mapping Pathways to the 3D Web
Accelerating Change 2005: Artificial 

                Intelligence and Intelligence Amplification
Accelerating Change 2004: Physical 

                Space, Virtual Space, and Interface
Accelerating Change 2003: 

                Exploring the Future of Accelerating Change







ARCHIVES






Articles - Articles and Books by 
                ASF President John Smart, and Vernor Vinge.
Presentations - Audio, Video, and 
                Slide presentations by ASF President John Smart.
Press Releases

Buttons/Banners & Logos 

              










Outreach | Education | Research | Advocacy




© 2016 ASF: Acceleration Studies Foundation 
        | A 510(c)(3) Nonprofit Corporation | Contact







