


Adyen | Engineered for ambition - Adyen


        Products  Businesses we serve  About  Documentation & resources  Pricing 




Search  Log in Contact us     Engineered for ambition End-to-end payments, data, and financial management in a single solution. Meet the financial technology platform that helps you realize your ambitions faster. Talk to our team   Engineered for ambition           One platform to accept payments, protect revenue, and control your finances.    




















 
    Expand your business
   Easily add more payment methods and grow into new markets with local acquiring.  

 
    Connect online and offline
   Create superior customer experiences using cross-channel insights.  

 
    Uncover areas for growth
   Gain a deeper understanding of your business with all your global payment data in one place.  

 
    Manage fraud at scale
   Protect your business by detecting and responding to fraud without impacting real transactions.     
  Payments
 
    Accept payments everywhere
   Let your customers pay wherever and however they prefer. Work with one provider to accept, process, and settle payments. Online payments  Accept payments on your website and in-appIn-person payments Enhance your point of sale setup and choose a terminal for any need.Unified Commerce Connect your online and in-store payment data in one system.   Checkout demo     
  Data
 
    Make smarter decisions with millions of insights
   Adyen’s unique data ecosystem reveals opportunities where your business can grow. Coupled with our machine learning technology, we help you protect your business from fraud, provide customer-friendly authentication, and increase approval rates.          
  Finance & operations
 
    Take full control of your funds
   Optimize your finances and increase automation with our banking infrastructure. Especially valuable for platforms and marketplaces looking to payout users faster in a preferred currency. Generate your own physical or virtual payment cards to send funds instantly and manage spending. Discover Adyen issuing        Solutions built for your business model Ambition looks different to every business. Learn how Adyen is helping the world’s leading brands realize theirs.      
    Digital businesses
   Optimize conversion by offering seamless payments and authentication. Learn where and how to expand your business next, supported by insights. All while managing risk at scale. Seeing payments as an enabler of growth          
    Omnichannel businesses
   Accelerate your digital transformation. Connect your online and offline payment data in one system. Deliver more flexible buying journeys and build a deeper understanding of your customers’ behaviour. Using payment technology to improve customer experience          
    Platforms & marketplaces
   Increase revenue and reduce churn by offering your users an elevated experience. Provide integrated payments and scale globally with one payments system. Check how Lightspeed is integrating payments with Adyen           
          Get started with payments
            Talk to our team  
      About
     
        Our story
      
        Careers
      
        Press & media
      
        Investor Relations
      
        Partner with us
      
        Contact
      
      Products
     
        Payments
      
        Risk management
      
        Authentication
      
        Issuing
      
        Pricing
      
      Resources
     
        Documentation
      
        Academy
      
        Knowledge Hub
      
        Newsletter
      
      Platform
     
        Infrastructure
      
        Licenses
      
        Legal
      
        Terms & Conditions
      
        Responsible disclosure policy
        


















 
          Privacy
         
          ·
        
          Cookies
         
          ·
        
          Disclaimer
         
          ·
         
    © 2023 Adyen
   
    Language switcher
   





 
        Global (English)
        
                Global (English)
              
                Brasil (Português)
              
                中国 (简体中文)
              
                Česká republika (Čeština)
              
                Danmark (Dansk)
              
                Deutschland (Deutsch)
              
                España (Español)
              
                France (Français)
              
                Italia (Italiano)
              
                日本 (日本語)
              
                México (Español)
              
                Nederland (Nederlands)
              
                Norge (Norsk)
              
                Polska (Polski)
              
                Portugal (Português)
              
                Sverige (Svenska)
              
                United Kingdom (English)
                


