



AI Foundation


AI Foundation The AI Foundation’s mission is to responsibly move the world forward by giving each of us our own AI that shares our personal values and goals.    Portfolio   Research   About   News   Team   Careers        Portfolio   Research   About   News   Team   Careers                 
            Explore
                Our breakthrough research in synthetic media, digital humans, and conversation generation enables us to build groundbreaking products.            Explore the latest AI Foundation research      Personal Extend your vision and ambitions
Be among the first to create an AI extension of yourself.     Commercial Extend your brand and business
Lead the world with digital human powered products and integrations.     Philanthropic Defend Reality
Join the greatest minds in AI to ensure technology works ethically for all of us. Join Founders Fund  ,  Verizon  ,  The Brandtech Group  ,  M Ventures  ,  OVO  ,  Abstract  ,  Alpha Edison  ,  Correlation  ,  Endeavor  ,  Deepak Chopra  ,      Cyan Banister  ,      Biz Stone  ,      Terry Dougas  ,      Charles King  ,       in bringing AI to everyone.      AI Foundation launches AI.XYZ to give people their own AI assistants AI Foundation, an AI research lab that gave us virtual Deepak Chopra, has launched AI.XYZ, a platform for people to…
      AI.XYZ – Create your own AI AI.XYZ is the first SaaS platform where anyone can easily create their own personalized and proactive AI in 3 simple…
      AI ‘kill switch’ will make humanity less safe, could spawn ‘hostile’ superintelligence The company execs said AGI is a potentially ‘disobedient’ new life form humans will have to share the planet with….
      How is AI like Chat GPT helping Nevadans? And how can it hurt us? From self-driving cars, to virtual assistants on smartphones, artificial intelligence has become a big part of our lives. But what…
   
                We will need to obtain some quick information before we
                connect.
                
                Join our newsletter
              
                Submit Info   
            Interested in working with the AI Foundation?
            Get Started.   Terms of Use   Privacy Policy    
            ©2023 AI Foundation. All Rights Reserved.
          Connect   Facebook   Instagram   Twitter   Linkedin    


