




Aimpathy.Ai – Client empathy – Machine Learnt, Personally Felt

















































Aimpathy.Ai 


Toggle navigation







Home
Our Services
How we do it
Team
Contact
Legal
 















Client empathy – Machine Learnt, Personally Felt





Walk the mile in your client’s shoes





Our Services





We provide a bespoke software solution fully integrated with your existing system and datasets to help you better understand and monetise your client data and use this understanding for revenue enhancement





How we do it





Professional advisors are party to vast amounts of unstructured and semi-structured data about their clients as well as unrecorded information “in Partners’ heads”
We use cutting edge data science and decades of industry insight to repurpose data into tangible sources of revenue





Senior Team





Andrew WoodCEOXavier GilbertChief Data ScientistVladislav DonchevLead Developer




Aimpathy brings lawyers, data scientists and other professional service providers together to understand better their clients’ businesses and the services they provide to them





Contact











www.aimpathy.ai
4th Floor Aldgate Tower
2 Leman Street
London E1 8FA




+44 (0) 07385 292125
info@aimpathy.co.uk





Legal





Aimpathy Limited is registered at 45 Pall Mall London SW1Y 5JG with registered number 12451687
For our website privacy policy please click HERE




















© Aimpathy Limited. All rights reserved.





We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies. Please confirm your agreement to our use of cookies. ACCEPT   DECLINEPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary





									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












SAVE & ACCEPT

























