
Air Partner | World-Leading Private Aircraft Charter 


















Menu









Air Partner Group


Services




English (UK)



 English (US)

 Deutsch

 Español

 Français

 Italiano





Search





        Contact Us
    












                                            Group Charter 






Group Charter







Bespoke Services










                                            Private Jets 






Private Jets







On Demand


On Demand+


JetCard


Pet Travel


Helicopter Charter Services










                                            Cargo 







Cargo







Aircraft Charter


Onboard Courier


Express Air Cargo


Ground Transport


Supply Chain Solutions




RED-TRACK









                                            Specialised Aviation Solutions 






Specialised Aviation Solutions







ACMI


Tour Operators


Disaster Response & Recovery


Air Evacuation


Scheduled Group Travel


Wheels Up Aircraft Sales


Wheels Up Aircraft Management










                                            Your Industry 






Your Industry







Corporate


Events


Film & TV


Government


Music & Touring


Oil & Gas


Sport










                                            Aircraft Guide 






Aircraft Guide







Private Jets


Commercial Jets


Cargo Aircraft










                                            Discover 






Discover







Blogs


Destination Guide


Airport Guide


News


Case Studies


CharterPLUS


Special Events & Occasions


Wellness Travel & More









Air Partner Group
Services



English (UK)



 English (US)

 Deutsch

 Español

 Français

 Italiano






        Contact Us
    












Search:


Search










No matter where you're going, it matters how you get there.




















 Ready to fly?






            Group Charter
        

Group Charter

                For groups of 20+ 
            






            Private Jets
        

Private Jets

                Up to 19 passengers 
            






            Cargo
        

Cargo

                Any type of cargo 
            










At the core of every flight



Expertise
Our dedicated account managers go above and beyond to create bespoke flights around you for a seamless experience.







Safety
We continue to set the benchmark for safety in aviation, which is why our Quality Management System far exceeds industry standards.



Trusted
Founded in 1961, we have more experience than any other provider so you can trust you're in safe and reliable hands.








Explore our services





Group Aircraft Charter

No matter the destination or the size of the group, we provide bespoke aircraft charter solutions to match your requirements. Fly to your own schedule and we will take care of the details. 







Private Jets

We are the experts in bespoke aviation. Discover our suite of private jet services that are tailored to suit your every need, anywhere in the world, whether you're flying for business or leisure.  







Air Cargo Charter

Our global network and expertise ensures your freight can be delivered anywhere in the world. Whatever the size or weight, our charter or hand-carry services will deliver on time. With our in-house tracking system you are always in control of your delivery, when time is of the essence.







Specialised Aviation Solutions

Our core services span further than charter. We offer a range of other aviation services that make us the world-leading experts in aviation.







Your Industry 

Our services span a number of different industries, and we ensure that your dedicated Account Managers are specialists in your field to provide you with the best possible service.










What our customers say


Air Partner does an amazing job, especially with accommodating the last-minute changes and requests we had for our flights. Assistance with our baggage is appreciated, as is the timely notifications from your Customer Operations team with information about the flight status. We are certainly appreciative of the extra effort made to ensure we get the best service possible.
CEO
A leading sports team 


I have used Air Partner for many years. They have the scale to access a large number of aircraft, yet are nimble enough to respond quickly, efficiently, and effectively.
Chairman
A Leading Global Bank 


The repatriation of us all was, in terms of COVID protection absolutely flawless. Couldn’t have been any better. Everyone was really appreciative of the efforts made to charter the aircraft. You really couldn’t have done anymore. The assistance provided by the Group Charter team throughout the whole process was excellent. Communications were brilliant and always at hand to assist.
Operations Manager
A leading company in the Marine sector 


Thank you for all of your help in organising our group charter flights. We are grateful for the fantastic service that Air Partner provided to us from beginning to end. Overall, it was a really great experience, and I have had really positive feedback from my clients – they all loved the flights.
Global Travel Manager
UK based Travel Management Company


We needed to set up an air evacuation protocol for a risky country and had never done that before. I’m so glad we found Air Partner. Their team of emergency management specialists helped us to consider the most important factors in our planning, then documented it all to our specifications. It was great to work with a team of experts who were also so responsive and personable.
Vice President for Business Continuity
Major global financial institution


With schedules that suit me when I’m flying for business, it allows maximum productivity of work and minimum waste, which is now factored into my quality of life. In short, it’s worth it.
Founder & CEO 
A Leading European Retail Brand 


Air Partner has provided us with a highly professional service for many years. At times when tensions have risen in certain countries and we have had to go to a state of high readiness, the Air Partner team have invariably already anticipated our call and have been ready with solutions. Often this effort has not resulted in flights being required, but the knowledge that the people and aircraft are available and ready at short notice gives re-assurance to our staff working in what can be very inhospitable environments.
Aviation Advisor
UK based energy major


Air Partner's Emergency Evacuation Service proved invaluable to us during the Arab Spring. Our regular travel security provider proved unable to provide the service we needed, which included evacuating people from remote desert oil field locations. Air Partner's service and clear communication was key to our successful evacuation of over a hundred employees.
CSO
Fortune 200 Oil & Gas company


JetCard's simple charging system with no hidden extras nor fees is a real bonus. Coupled with this is their service — excellent quality catering, availability of their planes, and the can-do attitude of their staff.
Life President 
Bowmer and Kirkland Group 













We are experts in bespoke aviation
Our experience means that we can seamlessly arrange the most complex, unusual or everyday flights for you.













Your safety is our priority

We continue to set the benchmark for safety in the aircraft charter industry, conducting comprehensive audits of every partner to ensure you fly only on aircraft that meet the most rigorous standards. You can rest assured that all certifications are in place and we regularly charter aircraft audited by ISBAO, Argus or Wyvern, in line with your preferences. We are audited ourselves to the ISO:9001:2015 standard. As world leaders in aviation safety Baines Simmons, which is part of the Air Partner group, has advised over 750 aviation organisations and trained more than 120,000 aviation professionals. To safeguard your flights during the COVID-19 pandemic, our Air Partner Protect programme mitigates risk and offers reassurance and guidance to keep you and your business moving around the world. 













 









We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By clicking “Agree”, you agree to our use of cookies. To learn more about how we use cookies, please see our cookies policy.



                    Agree
                








Company 



                                            Air Partner Group
                                        



                                            Baines Simmons
                                        



                                            Redline Assured Security
                                        



                                            Kenyon International Emergency Services
                                        




Explore 



                                            Frequently Asked Questions
                                        



                                            Carbon Offsetting
                                        



                                            Careers
                                        



                                            Legal
                                        



                                            Web Accessibility Statement
                                        




Useful Links 



                                            Cookies Policy
                                        



                                            Privacy Policy
                                        



                                            Terms of Use
                                        



                                            Sitemap
                                        



                                            Modern Slavery Act
                                        













































                    Call Us
                






                    Callback
                






                    Enquire
                








