






Welcome to Dancoland – join 20,000 fellow explorers at danco.substack.com













































 











Skip to content




 

					Welcome to Dancoland				


				join 20,000 fellow explorers at danco.substack.com			



Menu

What is Dancoland?
Newsletter
Books I’m reading
About









 

When Did Things Happen?


October 16, 2021 
To the extent that we were taught any history at all, I suspect that many of us learned our world history in a fairly linear fashion: “First the Greeks, then… Read more When Did Things Happen? →



Twist Biosciences: the DNA API


September 26, 2021 
Today’s newsletter is a partnership special: I’m filling in for Mario Gabriele at The Generalist, who is off this week and kindly offered me the opportunity to write a guest issue. So today will be something a little different from what I usually write: I’m going to tell you about a specific company I really admire, called Twist Biosciences. This essay will appear in both our newsletters this week. Two necessary parts here, before we begin: first, this essay’s purpose is to inform, educate, and spark curiosity – not to give… Read more Twist Biosciences: the DNA API →



 

Dancoland


August 21, 2021 
One night, a young man who we’ll call Student went to sleep and fell into a strange dream.  Student: Huh, where am I? I don’t recognize this place.  In front… Read more Dancoland →



 

Michael, Dwight and Andy: the Three Aesthetics of the Creative Class


July 8, 2021 
Six months ago I proposed The Michael Scott Theory of Social Class, which says: “The higher you ascend the ladder of the Educated Gentry class, the more you become Michael… Read more Michael, Dwight and Andy: the Three Aesthetics of the Creative Class →



World-Building and the Early Internet


June 24, 2021 
Hello everyone! This week in Dancoland, Jim O’Shaughnessy and I have a fresh podcast recording for your enjoyment. Alex Danco: Everyone’s job is World-Building | Infinite Loops You can listen to the whole episode at the link above. Here’s a lightly edited transcript that pulls out what we talked about in the first half of the show, which is all about: -The difference between capital and sales in a world of scarcity versus a world of abundance -Why everyone’s job is world-building now -World-building on the early internet, and how… Read more World-Building and the Early Internet →



 

Civic LARPing


June 5, 2021 
What’s going on here? There’s a literal explanation, sure. A few weeks back, a ransomware attack forced a US pipeline company to shut down a major fuel artery supplying the… Read more Civic LARPing →



 

Power, Proximity, and Standup Comedy


May 13, 2021 
The most pure expression of power you’ll ever see is standup comedy.  I don’t mean the greatest magnitude of power, mind you. Most standup comedians are broke, and most comedy acts… Read more Power, Proximity, and Standup Comedy →



 

Building the World of Alex Danco’s Newsletter


May 9, 2021 
Maybe it was a subconscious thing or something, but when I wrote the essay on World Building a couple weeks ago, I had clearly already started thinking about the future… Read more Building the World of Alex Danco’s Newsletter →


Posts navigation
1
2
3
…
22
Older › 






Blog at WordPress.com.















						Welcome to Dancoland					


Blog at WordPress.com. 






Follow


Following







				Welcome to Dancoland			


Join 578 other followers







 

												Sign me up											




											Already have a WordPress.com account? Log in now. 






 





				Welcome to Dancoland			



 Customize




Follow


Following


Sign up
Log in


											Report this content										



											View site in Reader										


Manage subscriptions

Collapse this bar









 




















































































Loading Comments...



 


Write a Comment...




Email (Required)



Name (Required)



Website







































 

 





