Angel Studios: Stream Free, Original Shows for the Whole FamilyAngel StudiosIn Theaters NowBuy TicketsBe a Part of Stories that Amplify LightBe a Part of Stories that Amplify LightStream Angel Originals like The Chosen and help decide what wholesome content is made.Stream Angel Originals like The Chosen and help decide what wholesome content is made.Sign Up For FreeLearn MoreIn Theaters July 4Fight for the light. Silence the darkness.Buy TicketsWatch TrailerFight for the light. Silence the darkness.In Theaters NowBuy TicketsWatch Anytime. Anywhere.The Angel app is the home of record-shattering stories that amplify light. In the Angel app users can watch full episodes, cast to their television, pay-it-forward to fund future seasons of shows they love and buy official merchandise. Download the app below for free.Featured ShowThe Wingfeather SagaThe Wingfeather Saga chronicles the adventures of the Igiby family as they discover secrets, flee the evil Fangs of Dang and seek their place in the world.Watch NowThe Wingfeather SagaThe Wingfeather Saga chronicles the adventures of the Igiby family as they discover secrets, flee the evil Fangs of Dang and seek their place in the world.Watch NowLaunch your story.The Angel community has contributed over $100,000,000 to support stories that amplify light and built a community of 20,000,000 viewers(and that’s only the beginning).Get StartedFrequently Asked QuestionsWhat is Angel Studios?Angel Studios is a curated, free streaming platform offering exceptional movies, shows, and documentaries for all ages. Enjoy unlimited access to our award-winning, viewer-supported content designed to inspire, uplift, and unite through meaningful storytelling.How much does Angel Studios cost?Angel Studios is completely for free to watch. No payment or credit card required. Experience meaningful storytelling without barriers. Want to support? Invest in projects, Pay It Forward, join the Angel Guild, or buy merchandise.Enjoy all Angel Studios content for free; experience meaningful storytelling without barriers. Want to support? Invest in projects, Pay it Forward, join the Angel Guild, or buy merchandise.Why does Angel Studios offer free streaming?Angel Studios believes in making storytelling universally accessible. Our commitment to share light-amplifying content allows us to offer our service for free. This model is made possible by fan contributions via Pay It Forward, merchandise sales, and sponsorships.What can I watch on Angel Studios?Watch inspiring and award-winning content on Angel Studios, from original series like The Chosen and The Wingfeather Saga, to movies such as Sound of Freedom and His Only Son, and unique comedy shows like Dry Bar Comedy. New, compelling projects are added regularly. To see our full list, visit angel.com/watch.Where can I stream Angel Studios?Stream Angel Studios on any internet-connected device. Watch via our website at angel.com, or visit angel.com/app to download the Angel app. The Angel app is available for smartphones, tablets, and smart TVs. Search for "Angel Studios" in your device's app store. To see a full list of supported devices, go to angel.com/legal/devices.Can I watch Angel Studios offline?Absolutely! With the Angel Studios mobile app available for iPhone, iPad, and Android, you can download your favorite content and enjoy it offline, anytime, anywhere.How do I sign up for Angel Studios?Creating an Angel Studios account is easy. Visit angel.com or download the Angel app, select Sign Up, and register using your email address and a password. This free sign-up grants you immediate access to our inspiring content.How can I support Angel Studios?There are several ways to support Angel Studios. You can help amplify light by Paying It Forward, watching our content and livestreams, sharing our content with your network, buying merchandise, or even investing in our projects. Every bit of support helps us continue our mission to uplift and inspire through powerful storytelling.How do I become an investor for Angel Studios projects?Angel Studios allows fans to financially support the content they feel passionate for through crowdfunding opportunities. Visit invest.angel.com to view ongoing and past projects and to learn more about investment opportunities.Does Angel Studios offer child-friendly content?Yes, Angel Studios is dedicated to delivering content appropriate for viewers of all ages. Our platform is designed with family values in mind, ensuring children's content promotes positive messages.How can I get in touch with Angel Studios?Connect with us easily! For any inquiries, feedback, or suggestions, head over to our "Contact Us" page on angel.com. You can also email us directly at support@angel.com or engage with us on our social media platforms. Angel Studios is a new kind of movie studio - we fund, produce, and distribute award-winning titles from independent creators.Copyright © 2023 by Angel Studios, All Rights Reserved