




Antranik.org - Strength & Flexibility Expert



























































































  













 Skip to secondary menu Skip to main contentHome
Training Programs
Online Coaching
About
Blog

The Fitness Index
Nutrition Index
Inspirational Index
Science Index


Contact
Login

Account
Quick and Effective Strength
Smart Core
Work From Home Fitness
Hypertrophy
Rings Routine
Easy Hamstrings
Hip Flexibility
Shoulders & Upper Back
Front Splits Fast


Antranik.orgStrength & Flexibility Expert Take Your Body To The Next Level
 Find The Right Program For You


Main Content
 Hello, my name is Antranik and I have a passion for helping others to be healthy, flexible and strong.
I heavily utilize YouTube as a teaching tool, so if you haven't subscribed, definitely do so here and please click the bell 🔔 to get notified of new content!
On my blog, you will find over 900 blog posts ranging from nutrition to fitness to motivational posts. I've also created an indepth anatomy & physiology series as I'm a huge kinesiology nerd.
I also have a number of free and premium strength and flexibility programs to take your training to the next level in an efficient manner with minimal equipment that you could check out here.


The Ultimate Flexibility Bundle
Take the guess work out and effectively increase the flexibility of your hamstrings, hips and shoulders with zero equipment and minimal time with efficient, follow along videos.

Latest YouTube Videos
Loading Videos...


Latest Blog Posts
How To View Reddit During The BlackoutReddit currently has 7000+ subreddits that have gone private in protest to the API changes that will render many 3rd-party apps useless, many of which are the only way disabled (blind) users can view reddit among other issues. I know a ton of my own posts that have gone viral are on reddit, as well […]
The Insane Benefits of Cold Showers and How To Best Utilize ThemFrom Ocean Waves to Cold Showers: Learn about my journey with cold water immersion, the surprising benefits and drawbacks, the different ways of going about it and how to incorporate it in your life, especially in regards to exercise!
The Best Portable Pullup Bar For Traveling: The Duonamic Eleviia (with Coupon Code!)I’ve been using a new pullup bar system called the “Duonamic Eleviia” and I was genuinely impressed by its quality AND portability (including its ability to seamlessly accommodate gymnastics rings on it). So I made this balanced video review sharing all the advantages and drawbacks that I was able to find.
How to Structure Strength and Flexibility Training For Optimal ResultsLearn the key differences and similarities between the structure of strength and flexibility programs! What’s the best way to sequence them? How often and how intense do you need to workout? What’s the minimum effective dose required for lasting change? All this and more are answered inside!
Take Your Strength to the Next Level with Weighted Chin-UpsI recently started utilizing weighted chinups as my main pulling exercise and in this blog post I share the journey of how it has been a breath of fresh air in so many ways!
Click here to see more of the latest posts!
ALL my blog posts organized into index-pages for your convenience
The Fitness IndexAll my fitness-related tutorials and articles organized in one place!
Nutrition IndexAn organized index of all my nutrition-related articles.. because you can’t out-exercise a bad diet!
Inspirational IndexAll my inspirational, productive, educational and yearly reflection posts.

Need a legit skills+strength training routine?
Antranik’s Rings Oriented Bodyweight Training RoutineGymnastic rings are the best way to develop upper body strength using only your bodyweight. My rings program provides detailed progressions for building strength, learning dozens of fun skills, and a good mix of mobility & prehab accessory exercises that keep you feeling great!

Enter your e-mail to get my latest content and discounts for my programs!


	Email address: 








Blog

The Fitness Index
Nutrition Index
Inspirational Index


Members Area

Quick and Effective Strength Training Program
The Front Splits Fast Program
Front Splits Fast Program


Contact Antranik
Newsletter Signup





















Start Training Smarter.Join my newsletter and you'll get my strength training guide for free, exclusive discounts, and my latest insights!Invalid email address    I promise not to spam you. You can unsubscribe at any time.Thanks for subscribing! Please check your email for the special offer.

