







Approach World






















































 


Skip to content













  


Search for:








AboutInvestmentsServices 














ApproachAndreas Ehn2023-06-12T08:26:13+00:00

We are Lisa Enckell and Andreas Ehn, angel investors and operators based in Singapore. We do angel investments and help founders whenever they need us. We are also advisors to funds and were part of starting the VC firm Antler in Singapore.
Approach is a learning project we started in 2015. At the time we lived in San Francisco, US and we decided it was time to learn more about the world. We moved to Jakarta, Indonesia in the fall of 2015 with the intention to spend the next five years living in ten different countries. We ended up living and working in Indonesia, Germany, India and Singapore for the next two years. In 2017 we decided to stay long-term in Singapore where we now live with our three children.

While the travelling around part of our Approach project has paused, we continue learning about the world by investing and working with startups and funds all over the world. On this website, we share investments we do and from time to time new learnings and insights.
Latest from the blog

Updates from our startup portfolioProg.ai, one of our more recent investments, has launched its product. Prog.ai lets you find and hire developers.
The tools-for-thought app, Muse, has now launched Muse for teams in beta. Collaborate, plan and think together. If you haven’t already, listen to Muse’s excellent podcast, Metamuse.
Singapore-based neobank Aspire recently raised USD 100mn in its series-C round from Lightspeed and Sequoia.
Mavenoid raised USD 30mn last year in its series-B round and continues to grow at an impressive speed.
Clue completed a successful crowdfunding in addition to its latest funding round. Individuals could join prominent investors Union Square Ventures and Balderton Capital. The crowdfunding campaign reached its goal well ahead of time. Of the investors, 86% are female.
In conjunction with Antler’s fifth birthday, the VC firm created a great report on its activities across the world.
Userlist, the perfect email tool for B2B SaaS companies, also hosts the great podcast Better done than perfect.
Fertility company Tilly recently launched a service for clinics. It now helps fertility clinics to integrate psychosocial support in day-to-day care.
Synthesis recently launched its AI tutor.
Lisa Enckell2023-09-05T08:52:51+00:00June 12th, 2023|

 



Subscribe 
 
 

 
 
 
Page load link













Go to Top




