








Welcome to Ashley Quinn Certified Public Accountants in Lake Tahoe & Reno










































































 















Toggle navigation







HomeNV ResidencyServices

Tax ServicesFamily OfficeBusiness Services
Team

AdvisorsAbout UsCareers
BlogContact 



 
 (775) 831-7288















 


























Shaping our clients' futures 
		

 


 



 










Securely upload your documents click hereSafely make a payment online click here
Welcome to Ashley Quinn CPAs and Consultants, Ltd. Our firm was established in 1979 in Incline Village, on the north shore of Lake Tahoe, Nevada. We also have an office in Reno, Nevada. Our firm's mission is "to shape our clients' futures" through our role as CPAs and tax advisors. To realize our mission, we have assembled a superior professional team.&nbsp...more













Services






  

Nevada Residency

Establishing Nevada Residency and Multi-State Taxation One of the factors motivating many individuals and businesses to establish Nevada residency is the hospitable income tax climate which prevails in the state. Nevada imposes no income tax whatsoever on individuals or on business entities. Ashley Quinn, CPAs and Consultants, Ltd. is particularly experienced in the tax rules							
...More



  

Tax Services

Individuals and businesses are faced with an ever changing and increasingly complex tax maze. We know that taxes can take a big bite out of every dollar saved or invested. That’s why at Ashley Quinn CPAs we work throughout the year, not just at tax time, to assist individuals and businesses in structuring and implementing tax							
...More



  

Family Office

Ashley Quinn CPAs provides family business office services for high net worth families. The services we typically provide include: Bill payment and payroll processing Accounting, financial reporting and analysis Cash flow analysis and planning Brokerage accounting and monitoring portfolio performance Income tax, estate tax and gift tax planning and coordination with other advisors Income tax							
...More



  

Business Services

Ashley Quinn CPAs and Consultants Ltd. has the experience to assist you with every aspect of starting up, expanding or relocating a business. In our role as business and financial advisors, we evaluate problems from our clients’ point of view. We bring the collective experience and knowledge of our firm to improve productivity, enhance profitability,							
...More


















Team











George W. AshleyShareholder, CPA/ABV, CVA
George Ashley is co-founder and president of Ashley Quinn, CPAs and Consultants, Ltd., a firm which concentrates on income and estate tax planning and compliance...more





Craig J. IversonShareholder, CPA, MBA
Craig graduated from the University of California, Davis in 1983 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Managerial Economics, and began his professional career in...more





Susan F. RosensteelShareholder, EA
Sue has been with Ashley Quinn since 1988. She is enrolled to practice before the Internal Revenue Service and is a member of the National...more





Gregory G. YupShareholder, CPA
Upon graduation from the University of Nevada, Reno with a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting, Greg began his professional career in 1985 with the...more





Kevin R. HameisterShareholder, CPA
Kevin graduated from California State University, San Marcos in 2004 with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with an emphasis in Accounting. He began...more





Tammy S. LoveShareholder, CPA, MAcc
Tammy graduated from Eastern Michigan University in 1996 with a Bachelor of Business Administration with an emphasis in Accounting. Her professional career started with a...more





Clifford A. FosterCPA, MS - Taxation
Cliff graduated from California State University, Fresno in 1977. He went to work for a regional accounting firm in his home town of Salinas, California...more





Jin KimCPA, CFE
Jin graduated from Union College in 1999 with a Bachelor of Science degree with emphasis in Accounting and Finance and minor in Music. Jin is...more





Amber BrockelsbyCPA, CFE
Amber graduated from the University of Nevada, Reno in 2009 with a Bachelor in Business Administration with an emphasis in Accounting. Her career in public...more





Kevin L. BrownCPA
Kevin graduated from Santa Clara University in Santa Clara, California with a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering in 1998. After working in engineering sales...more





Pavlina TsarykCPA
Pavlina began her tax career with Ashley Quinn CPAs & Consultants Ltd in 2014 after passing the CPA exam.  She earned a Bachelor in Finance...more





Jamie H. GoldenAccountant, MBA
Jamie graduated from the University of Nevada, Reno in 2019 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting followed by a Master of Accounting in...more





Rhonda L. BohnAccountant, Quickbooks Pro Advisor
Rhonda has been with Ashley Quinn CPAs and Consultants, Ltd. since July 1999. Rhonda’s background of 30+ years in public accounting, along with private industry...more





Ryan WebberAccountant
Ryan graduated from the University of Nevada, Reno in 2007 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting. He Joined Ashley Quinn in 2021, and...more





Alycia E. WilkinsonFirm Administrator, PAFM
Alycia Wilkinson joined Ashley Quinn in 2018 as the Firm Administrator after spending nearly 20 years at a local CPA firm specializing in audit and...more





Holly R. ScheuflerAdministrative Assistant
Holly grew up in Incline Village graduating from Sierra Nevada University in 2000 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Humanities with a concentration in...more





Dena KirginAdministrative Assistant
Dena Kirgin joined Ashley Quinn in 2020 as part of the admin team after spending many years in hospitality management field. She has been involved...more





Dave DiMaggioTax Advisor
Dave has a Juris Doctorate from John F. Kennedy University, a Master of Science in Taxation from Golden Gate University, and a Bachelor of Science...more











 George Ashley discusses California Tax Hikes with Greta Van Susteren on FOX News
 











Careers



Ashley Quinn CPAs and Consultants, Ltd. currently has immediate openings for dynamic CPAs with a minimum of 2-5 years of experience for our Lake Tahoe and Reno offices.   We provide extraordinary services to an elite clientele, in a relaxed and friendly atmosphere. Ashley Quinn offers a competitive compensation and benefits package, including family medical insurance, life insurance, 401(k), FSA Plan and PTO. If you are able to work independently, can handle heavy direct client contact, and are ready to move up, please email your resume to [email protected]




















Incline Village937 Tahoe Blvd., Suite 200
Incline Village, NV 89451
775-831-7288
[email protected]






Reno5520 Kietzke Lane, Suite 310
Reno, NV 89511
775-746-1999
[email protected]







Services
Nevada Residency
Tax Services
Family Office
Business Services





Team
Advisors
About Us
Careers







Resources
Information & Links
Newsletter
News Archive
Calculator
Secure File Transfer






































