




Ask MetaFilter













  
















Last 3 days left in this year's fundraiser! A one-time gift or small monthly donation would do wonders to help maintain and sustain the site!






Ask MetaFilter
querying the hive mind









Log In





Sign Up














MetaFilter
AskMeFi
FanFare
Projects
Music
Jobs
IRL
MetaTalk

More

Best Of
Podcast
Chat
Labs
Mall





Search MetaFilter…












Menu



Home
FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random









Recent Posts



Recent Posts
Popular Questions
Answered
Unanswered









September 13
Learn all the things!
#metafilterfundraiser2023 What's something you would like to learn extensively (e.g. course/certificate/degree level) if you have the time, energy, and/or money to do so? [more inside]posted by creatrixtiara to Education at 8:44 PM  - 1 answer
Romantic feelings for friend who gave emotional support, how to go back?
A friend was there for me in the hardest moments around my father's death. It blurred the boundary between friendship and romance, and I developed feelings for her. The romance has no future, but I want to keep the friendship. The feelings are in the way. How do I do this? [more inside]posted by Triton to Human Relations at 7:31 PM  - 3 answers 
What is the best not-too-expensive, not-too-cheap PC laptop or desktop
What mid-price PC computer (desktop or laptop) should I get and why? [more inside]posted by umbú to Computers & Internet at 6:27 PM  - 3 answers
Why suddenly insanely hungry if I don't eat A LOT of food (esp. carbs)
Very recently I'm becoming extremely hungry constantly and very crash-prone. Also recently I started a new dose of lithium carbonate (900 --> 1050). Soon after, my hunger exploded. Usual amount of food at mealtime no longer filling me up. But after a week or so, either it got better or I had adjusted, because things returned to "normal" for about another week. However, now I'm in the third week post-dose-change and it's back with a vengeance. [more inside]posted by jerome powell buys his sweatbands in bulk only to Health & Fitness at 6:19 PM  - 2 answers
Learning to Type by dictating target text?
I'd like to help my son capture his thoughts and learn to type at the same time. I was wondering if there was any kind of application that used speech-to-text to create the target sentences to practice against. [more inside]posted by butterstick to Technology at 6:13 PM  - 0 answers
shipping coins to another state
What alternatives might I consider to get a 150-200 lbs of coins to another state instead of driving them? [more inside]posted by diode to Travel & Transportation at 5:27 PM  - 6 answers
Quality bluetooth bookshelf speakers?
Hello sound enthusiasts, I recently had to get rid of two older Sonos 5 speakers as they were no longer supported. I really liked the following attributes: I could play to them wirelessly, and they actually had pretty nice sound quality. But I didn't like that Sonos chooses WHAT I can play through them, e.g. not any mp3s or .flac files, or at least not unless I go through an irritating set of hoops. Looking for an alternative. [more inside]posted by rachelpapers to Shopping at 4:30 PM  - 2 answers
ChatFilter: How do I notebook? How do you notebook?
I want to be a person who writes things down in their notebook, but I have never developed good habits and practices for being the type of person who writes things down in a notebook. 

Please share your wisdom with me, dear notebook people! 

How do you do it? like how and when do you make the time? 
do you draw little quadrants for every meeting?
Start each day with some set of journaling intentions in your mind? 
Some deeply learned wisdom about how and why writing stuff down helps you?

My to do lists overwhelm me to the point even writing them down is hard. [more inside]posted by bingbong to Health & Fitness at 4:30 PM  - 11 answers
What's a great bird toy for a 2.5 year old?
MUST be a bird or bird-related.  Can be any type of gift.   Thanks! posted by tiny frying pan to Shopping at 4:22 PM  - 9 answers 
Should we be a non-profit? If so, how?
I am part of a small, national, membership based organization and we are trying to manage our dues more effectively.  How do we figure out whether we should register as a non-profit vs..LLC.. vs. something else? I recognize many of you will say, "talk to a lawyer". If that is your advice, I would like more details. [more inside]posted by latkes to Work & Money at 2:59 PM  - 6 answers
What are the greatest AskMeFis of all time?
#metafilterfundraiser2023 

I finally figured out my chatfilter question! [more inside]posted by Jenny'sCricket to Grab Bag at 2:45 PM  - 32 answers
Was your "Certificate in Editing" (or similar) worth the investment?
I'm considering doing a "Certificate in Editing" through my local university's Continuing Education department. I'm mildly concerned it will not be a worthwhile use of my time or money. What was your experience with programs of this type? Did it lead to work or advancement in the field of editing? [more inside]posted by Dorinda to Education at 1:54 PM  - 1 answer
What to do with a stuck-indoors-in-bad-weather kiddo...again
We've got yet another weekend of wild weather ahead of us, and I have used up all of my ideas for fun activities (and a lifetime's worth of screen time) on the last three weekends of crappy weather. Can you help me amuse my very busy 3.5yo? [more inside]posted by notquitejane to Sports, Hobbies, & Recreation at 12:47 PM  - 18 answers
Amigo, where's my phone?
I’ve been traveling since the pre-internet days of paper maps and cramming as much as possible on a single fax page to stay in touch with folks back home. Recently a weird paranoia has started creeping in, especially when I go abroad: what if I lose my phone? [more inside]posted by gottabefunky to Travel & Transportation at 12:46 PM  - 9 answers
Recommend me a pen
Can you recommend a good, inexpensive pen that you've bought recently so you know it's still good? I had liked the uni ball jetstream, but the last time I bought a box they were all gloppy with lots of mess. I want something with a nice fine point for writing in a notebook. posted by swheatie to Grab Bag at 11:51 AM  - 30 answers
diy lighting diagram
Looking for a diagram for how to build a simple brass spotlight from parts- something like this. [more inside]posted by oneirodynia to Home & Garden at 11:25 AM  - 8 answers
Did you have these sneakers, and did their dye run?
Merrell Enlighten Shine Breeze (Ignore the sponsored results at the top of the page -- the ones under those are the ones I'm asking about.) I've had a blue pair of these that were perfect... except that when they got at all wet, the blue dye ran onto my socks, staining them. Did I just have a bad dye lot, or did all the blue ones have this flaw, or did other colors have this flaw, too? [more inside]posted by daisyace to Clothing, Beauty, & Fashion at 9:51 AM  - 2 answers
Help me find this exact shower curtain liner
Hi! I'm trying to purchase this precise shower curtain liner (in white), but the only place online that I've found it is a store in Puerto Rico that does not ship. I'm in NYC. Would ideally like to buy online but in-person locally is cool, too. Can you help me sleuth this one out? Thanks! posted by Conrad Cornelius o'Donald o'Dell to Shopping at 9:43 AM  - 7 answers
#chatfilter Driving through India on three wheels and a two cycle engine
#metafilterfundraiser2023 I am going to India in late December to do the Rickshaw Run. Over 16 days we will be driving a tuktuk from Fort Kochi in the south to Shillong in the north, sticking roughly to the eastern side of the country with no set route. A few questions below the fold. [more inside]posted by donpardo to Travel & Transportation at 8:31 AM  - 6 answers
Fun, engaging e-learning activities or features?
I'm looking for new ways or great examples of engagement in online training modules. 
What games, interactive features, or just creative structures have you seen or implemented in online modules? [more inside]posted by xicana63 to Technology at 8:26 AM  - 2 answers
Can you find this specific comic about whisky and coke?
I saw this cartoon maybe 10-15 years ago, and I've not been able to find it again. 
The text is:

A: Would you like a coke? 
B: Nah man, that stuff's poison.
A: It's got whisky in it.
B: (holds out hand) Thanks.
 [more inside]posted by SaltySalticid to Media & Arts at 8:14 AM  - 7 answers 
Your experiences with Trusted Housesitters and similar services.
Pet-owners, please tell me about your experiences with Trusted Housesitters and other home-based pet-sitting services. [more inside]posted by unicorn chaser to Pets & Animals at 8:02 AM  - 8 answers
Is your laundry technique unstoppable?  Teach me your ways.
We use small amounts of the cheapest detergent.  Sometimes I sort by color.  When my undergarments are dingy I soak them for 24 hours in Oxiclean.  When I clean out the dryer lint trap, I wonder if I am slowly destroying my wardrobe.  

The burden of living a mediocre life is almost unbearable. 

I want to level up my laundry game.  What are your life-changing laundry tips? [more inside]posted by mecran01 to Religion & Philosophy at 7:45 AM  - 30 answers
Chatfilter: How do you manage your streaming services, & what about ads
#metafilterfundraiser2023. As streaming becomes more and more confusing, with so many streaming platforms, how do you keep track of it all? And what is the future of advertising on streaming? I'd like to hear all your thoughts on streaming and how you manage it. Or do you just subscribe to one or two platforms and not think about it too much? [more inside]posted by daikon to Media & Arts at 7:40 AM  - 23 answers
Where to go in Toronto for fun wallets? 
My current wallet is falling apart and needs to be replaced. Since the pandemic  caused the local store where I'd go for pretty wallets to close, I'm at a loss for where to try next. Any suggestions for a large-ish women's wallet that isn't just basic brown or black leather? I'm open to brick and mortar stores in Toronto or online. Thanks! posted by machine to Shopping at 7:26 AM  - 6 answers
Does anyone else just compose AskMefi questions in their heads?
#metafilterfundraiser2023 As things in my life arise, I often find it helpful to think about what advice would be useful and how I'd frame the question to strangers on the internet, aka Metafilter. I'll work out which info is pertinent and which is superfluous. And then I... just never actually post the question. Maybe I'm anxious about posting, maybe I get distracted, who knows. But I've periodically wondered if I'm not alone, if other folks also are wandering around composing questions to ask the Hive Mind and finding just this thinking helpful. [more inside]posted by wyzewoman to Grab Bag at 7:04 AM  - 32 answers
Can I eat it? Hot Car
I went to Costco in VA yesterday where temps ranged from 60-87. I left everything in the trunk until this morning. One of the cans of cat food I bought bursted open, so I’m throwing out all the cans. Do I have to throw out the ketchup, pasta sauce, or peanut butter I bought? [more inside]posted by CMcG to Food & Drink at 6:23 AM  - 15 answers September 12
Loop drive north from Phoenix?
Thanksgiving week, flying into PHX with seven days to hike and play. Someone suggested five days in Sedona and two days in Jerome. What would you do? [more inside]posted by AnOrigamiLife to Travel & Transportation at 10:07 PM  - 11 answers
cute bird drawings in 2023
seen any funny bird drawings / cartoons lately?  I'm looking for gift !  I want it to be funny and bird centric.  the more ridiculous the better.  could be wordless..  could be comic-y..  ink, paint, pencil, etc..  sketchy, new yorker cartoony, etc etc - whatever medium.  could be a wall calendar, framed print, mug, etc etc. [more inside]posted by elgee to Media & Arts at 8:25 PM  - 24 answers
Tell me about starting to go by a nickname 
I have a four-syllable, very common, strongly gendered first name. There are lots of well-known nicknames for my name but I've always gone by the full thing. I want to start going by a nickname that's not one of the obvious ones. How do I make this not weird? Tell me about your experiences! [more inside]posted by zeptoweasel to Human Relations at 7:47 PM  - 20 answers 
Help planning a trip in China
I'm living in Guilin this fall taking Chinese classes, and I have two week-long trips to plan - I'll have a week sometime in late October or early November to travel, and then a week mid-December, and I'm having trouble deciding where to go - there's so much to see and I'm having major FOMO. [more inside]posted by catcafe to Travel & Transportation at 7:39 PM  - 6 answers 
Wet cat food and fruit flies
My cat (tax) will only eat wet food. For logistical reasons I need to use an electronic feeder. However, I seem to have a fruit fly infestation in my apartment and they have discovered the food. Now literally within an hour or two a serving of food will have at least 5-6 flies crawling on it, and obviously neither my cat nor I are happy about it. Below the fold, what I've already tried and does not work. [more inside]posted by derrinyet to Pets & Animals at 7:29 PM  - 6 answers
The color of a television tuned to a dead channel
I've always wanted to ask about this here but it seemed chatty, so thank you to the fundraiser for giving me the opportunity! I'm curious about other people's experience of visual snow, constant static noise over the entire visual field. Science doesn't seem to have made many strides in the 20+ years since I realized not everyone has this, so anecdata is the best we can do! [more inside]posted by babelfish to Health & Fitness at 6:42 PM  - 36 answers
I can’t shake off the feeling of precarity 
I grew up in a poor and chaotic household but even as an adult who has managed to escape that environment I can’t stop feeling constantly like the rug will be pulled from under me. [more inside]posted by Riverside to Work & Money at 6:27 PM  - 9 answers
A man, few  plans, several canals, Amsterdam
What are some restaurants to prioritize in Amsterdam? Looking for dinner plans next Wednesday. And there are a couple more questions inside. [more inside]posted by emelenjr to Travel & Transportation at 5:34 PM  - 5 answers
How do I propose a new position to my boss?
I have a potential opportunity to expand my role - how do I broach the topic tactfully with my boss? [more inside]posted by Tevin to Work & Money at 5:20 PM  - 3 answers 
Stand-alone movie scenes?
I am teaching a film course and want to show various scenes from English language films. The challenge is to find scenes that are coherent on their own, and don't really require the rest of the film as context. The first 15 minutes of Up, for example, is an ideal choice. What are some other scenes from films that stand on their own? [more inside]posted by zardoz to Media & Arts at 4:30 PM  - 49 answers 
Killing time between SEATAC and Climate Change Arena
So, I'm off on a weird trip early next month, into SEA early on a Sunday morning, attending a concert in the evening, and then flying back out of SEA the first flight the next morning. I'll be taking the light rail up to Seattle and am wondering, are there any stops along the way I should explore? I have a full day to kill before the show, and will get a day pass for the train so I can get off and on as much as I want. This would be only for the daytime on a Sunday. I could kill an hour or two or more at a few stops heading north, so recommendations for anything are welcome. posted by hippybear to Travel & Transportation at 3:29 PM  - 14 answers
Question about the swirly sewing on quilts
I'm toying with the idea of learning to quilt. Picture a quilt: there are basically 3 layers. The part with all the different fabrics arranged in a pattern, the batting, and the backing.  I have an idea of the different ways of making the patchwork-y part happen. And I know you just buy batting and backing fabric, but...When you see a quilt, often the batting is sewn on in big swirly patterns that cover the whole quilt. How does that happen? [more inside]posted by If only I had a penguin... to Sports, Hobbies, & Recreation at 3:02 PM  - 27 answers
vegan/veg snacks that satisfy the same cravings as hard sausage
What are some vegan or vegetarian foods that satisfy similar cravings to hard sausages and summer sausages? (For purposes of this question, I'm not referring to breakfast sausages or the hotdog / kielbasa expanded universe.) They don't have to claim to be sausages themselves as long as they satisfy most of these criteria: savory, chewy, lots of fat and protein, salt and umami, and lactic acid tang (or equivalent). Commercial products widely available in the US, or recipes. [more inside]posted by moonmilk to Food & Drink at 2:56 PM  - 22 answers
Android Auto vs CarPlay 2023
Interested in the experiences of those who have used both Android Auto and CarPlay in 2023, and how you feel they compare. I'm well aware of all of the other differences of Android vs. iOS - and have used both myself - but I'm really only interested only in your personal in-car experience. I can (theoretically) use both 100% wirelessly in my car. posted by I EAT TAPAS to Technology at 2:31 PM  - 2 answers
Formalized career mentoring? 
I'm at a juncture where I want to plan my next career steps (looking 5-10 years out) and generally think I want to transition into data analytics type roles. I'd like to take a self-learning approach for various reasons, and would greatly benefit from a mentor who can (1) tell me if my plan is reasonable and (2) maybe have a quarterly check-in over the course of several years to see if I need to make adjustments. I would be willing to pay for this, but how does one even find such an arrangement? [more inside]posted by unid41 to Education at 1:44 PM  - 6 answers
scholastic book fair - pineapple bag chain
It's Scholastic Book Fair time at my daughter's school, but one of the things she wanted sold out before she could buy it.  Is there another way for me to buy this? [more inside]posted by kevinbelt to Shopping at 1:08 PM  - 10 answers
Looking for Some Good Swinging Jazz Albums from the 1950's
Have been searching on Spotify for some good 1950's Jazz/Bebop that really swing. Jonah Jones is a favorite. Recently came upon some of Harry Edison's albums. Any other suggestions? posted by goalyeehah to Media & Arts at 12:38 PM  - 4 answers 
What kind of therapy is this and how do I find it?
I have been seeing a therapist who specializes in Cognitive Behavioral Therapy with a focus on people dealing with chronic illness (It me!). She's great and I've learned a lot but I would like to find a therapist who helps me practice those skills and build those muscles. How do I do that? [more inside]posted by jeszac to Health & Fitness at 11:58 AM  - 7 answers 
Sturdy cat shelves
What are your favorite sturdy cat shelves? If the advice is "just put regular shelves up high" that works too. These dummies like to be tall. posted by clarinet to Pets & Animals at 11:52 AM  - 7 answers 
What hotels in DC offer childcare?
I have a conference and my husband has at least some work while we are in DC in November with our 1-year-old. Where should we stay? [more inside]posted by *s to Travel & Transportation at 11:29 AM  - 6 answers
Can this private parking company "ticket" me?
YANML, but I am trying to figure out whether "citations" from this private parking company are meaningful in any way, as in, are they able to collect this money from people? [more inside]posted by kensington314 to Law & Government at 10:50 AM  - 7 answers 
Anarchism or anticapitalistic mindfulness for kids?
My autistic+PDAer+anxious kid is hyperfixated on money these days. Monopoly money won't do; it has to be real money. He is not interested in spending it, just on acquiring and growing large amounts. This impossible craving causes a lot of dysregulation. [more inside]posted by splitpeasoup to Health & Fitness at 10:29 AM  - 13 answers
Identifying a perfume WITHOUT the original bottle
Most perfume identification questions seem to use the bottle as a clue -- my mystery scent was transferred into a different bottle like at least 40 years ago by my late mother. It's a very evocative smell to me I'd like to identify or find something similar. Where do I even start??? [more inside]posted by wellifyouinsist to Clothing, Beauty, & Fashion at 10:16 AM  - 8 answers 
Why do these lights show up so differently on camera?
I am at an event that is using those light bulb letters. In the room the individual bulbs are clearly visible. But on screen with the video feeds on the monitors the letters are just a solid white. Why? How? [more inside]posted by jacquilynne to Grab Bag at 9:54 AM  - 6 answers
Sewer backup flooded basement unit. How likely is mold (etc.) in walls? 
My basement apartment was entirely flooded by a sewer backup a week and a half ago. The water came in under the walls, got maybe two inches deep on average, and the place stayed flooded for about 17 hours. Landlord refuses to do any assessment of damage. Am I right to be concerned about nastiness growing inside the walls, etc.? [more inside]posted by Mike Smith to Home & Garden at 9:48 AM  - 13 answers 
How do I deal with being “overemployed?”
Over the past several years I’ve transitioned from being involved in the day to day at work to being increasingly higher level internal strategy. Oddly this leads to a lot of “nothing to do” and is driving me nuts. I have a lot of anxiety and it turns into disinterest in days and weeks I may work a half hour. My company culture actively discouraged innovation that’s not approved or helping other team members without a formal approval process. I have a constant fear of being laid off and the irregular hours are not helping. [more inside]posted by geoff. to Work & Money at 8:56 AM  - 13 answers
Literary Paris?
For someone who is visiting Paris soon and enjoys reading about The Lost Generation and the existentialists, where would be some good places to visit? So far I've only got Les Deux Magots (and Saint-Germain-des-Pres), Shakespeare & Co, La Sorbonne, Montparnasse Cemetery. Are tourists allowed to enter the Bibliotheque Nationale at all? Also, any bookstore recs besides Shakespeare & Co would be appreciated! posted by madonna of the unloved to Travel & Transportation at 1:00 AM  - 8 answers September 11
where can I buy a nice top for my teen?
Looking for a vendor (online or brick+mortar) where I can reasonably expect to find a "nice" top for a teenager. This is harder than you'd think. I must be looking in the wrong places. What are the right places? [more inside]posted by fingersandtoes to Clothing, Beauty, & Fashion at 10:17 PM  - 37 answers 
ScienceMathFilter: Please help me identify these equations of motion...
I was give a snapshot of a whiteboard with a series of equations that  am trying to identify. The writing is illegible in a number of places, but some of it I can make out. It is obviously some sort of equations of motion involving the gravitational acceleration on some mass m, versus another force Fw, and some velocities - here are a few things I can make out:

ma = mg - Fw
v(t) = vT*(1 - e^(-b*A*t/m)) [more inside]posted by kjl291 to Science & Nature at 8:48 PM  - 4 answers 
Commercial vs. home composting
What will really happen if I put something that's "commercially compostable" in my home compost pile? [more inside]posted by knotty knots to Home & Garden at 3:02 PM  - 12 answers
Why am I coughing?
YANMD. Why do I get a tickle in my throat causing an immediate need to cough, and I'm nearly choking on the trigger foods? This has only been happening in the last week or so and only with "dry, crumbly foods". Sweet potato chips, French fries, corn dog, bread. If the food is wet, it doesn't happen. So when I had some sourdough bread mixed into a French onion soup, it was fine. [more inside]posted by AnyUsernameWillDo to Health & Fitness at 2:52 PM  - 14 answers
Adding water to a bottle of perfume?
When on an overseas trip, I bought a bottle of Eau de Toilette as a gift. Upon arriving home, I noticed that the bottle is not full - it was a display model and I didn't realize it had been used as a tester. This is not a huge deal - the gift is more about the bottle than it is the scent, and  the person receiving it may not ever use the fragrance; however, I don't want it to look like it was a tester bottle. [more inside]posted by happy_cat to Science & Nature at 2:42 PM  - 9 answers 
Vibe Checking Minneapolis-Saint Paul
Hey all! The question title about sums it up. I'd like to take a working vacation for a week to get the city's general vibe, at some point between October and February (excluding the Thanksgiving/Christmas/New Year peak travel times) What should I do while I'm in town? Also includes St. Paul. [more inside]posted by daikaisho to Travel & Transportation at 1:50 PM  - 10 answers

« Older questions 













Help fund MeFi!


			We rely on reader and community funding to operate.  Your voluntary subscription can help sustain the site.
		

 

Dark Mode Is On


About
Ask MetaFilter is a questions and answers area of MetaFilter.


Popular Tags
resolved (53) metafilterfundraiser2023 (30) travel (20) books (18) food (18) music (11) Cooking (10) fundraiser2023 (10) insurance (9) adhd (8) anxiety (8) ChatFilter (8) art (7) cat (7) health (7) Iphone (7) android (6) autism (6) camera (6) depression (6) 


Categories
clothing, beauty, & fashion (27)
computers & internet (56)
education (18)
food & drink (38)
grab bag (39)
health & fitness (76)
home & garden (46)
human relations (59)
law & government (21)
media & arts (82)
pets & animals (14)
religion & philosophy (3)
science & nature (19)
shopping (19)
society & culture (21)
sports, hobbies, & recreation (16)
technology (43)
travel & transportation (53)
work & money (61)
writing & language (20)


Subscribe to Ask MeFi RSS Feed














About Ask MetaFilter
Ask MetaFilter is a question and answer site that covers nearly any question on earth, where members help each other solve problems. Ask MetaFilter is where thousands of life's little questions are answered.



Sites

MetaFilter
AskMeFi
FanFare
Projects
Music
Jobs
IRL
MetaTalk
Best Of
Podcast



Links

Home
Guidelines
Content Policy
Privacy Policy
FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random
BIPOC Board
Steering Committee
Wiki
Search
Chat
Labs



Members

Sign Up
Log In







Search MetaFilter…










Fund MetaFilter
Join 8,072 readers in helping fund MetaFilter



Contact Us







© 1999–2023 MetaFilter LLC
All posts copyright their original authors.
Classic Theme.







