











The Attachment Project: Learn Attachment Theory from Experts











































 

























Attachment Styles
Start to Heal
Blog
About
 















Attachment Styles
Start to Heal
Blog
About
 



                                Attachment Quiz                            

                                Log In                            














Workbooks
For All Styles







Attachment & Bonding
through Bodynamic







Boundaries
Learn Energy Management







Emotional Alchemy
Restore Your Inner Balance






Workbooks
Attachment & Bonding
Boundaries
Emotional Alchemy










Anxious Attachment
How does it develop in childhood?







Avoidant Attachment
What are symptoms in adult relationships?







Disorganized Attachment
What is it like to date a disorganized adult?







Secure Attachment
The 5 conditions for secure attachment






Anxious Attachment
Avoidant Attachment
Disorganized Attachment
Secure Attachment















                            Do you know your 
attachment style?                        
                        Discover how early childhood experiences with your parents impacts your ability to develop relationships as an adult.                                                                                                

                                Free Attachment Quiz                            
 





Do you know your 
attachment style?
Discover how early childhood experiences with your parents impacts your ability to develop relationships as an adult.




                                            Free Attachment Quiz                                        
 










                                What is attachment?                            
Attachment is an emotional bond that forms in early childhood when we are 10 to 20 months old based on our parents’ behavior. 
Unconscious patterns become set in place by the time we are two years old. Our attachment style is at the core of how we form adult relationships whether they are romantic or friendships. 





                                What is an attachment disturbance?                            
An attachment disturbance is a dysfunctional relationship pattern that we repeat as adults.
These patterns are a consequence of conditioning during early childhood from our parents or caregivers.








                Why are we focused on treating attachment?            








                                    01                                

                                    Insecure attachment is a global issue                                 

Over 32% of US adults suffer from an attachment disturbance with similar rates reported across other western countries.
Attachment disturbances are one of the biggest challenges faced in psychotherapy today. There are extraordinarily high rates of trauma in countries facing past instabilities such as war or economic deprivation.













                                    02                                

                                    Finding effective therapy isn’t easy and we are changing that                                

Get access to the world’s top specialists.
We offer online courses from some of the world’s top clinical psychologists to help you on your journey to healing the past.
Understand how early childhood development impacts your behavior in adult relationships and get the best tools to start the healing process.













                                    03                                

                                    Let’s end intergenerational trauma                                

When we heal our own pain, we can heal the next generation after us. Pain from an attachment disorder is passed on through the family line until someone is ready to heal it.
Issues are intergenerational, and can often be shared across several generations of families.










                How an attachment style can manifest in relationships            








                                    01                                

                                    How does attachment impact our daily lives?                                

Our attachment styles shape the way we approach, communicate in, and effect our relationships. It might even predict the quality and duration of those relationships.
The influence of attachment even goes beyond relationships. It impacts the way we interact in various social contexts (even at work) and most importantly, the way we feel about ourselves.
Take the Free Quiz













                                    02                                

                                    Do you struggle to maintain longterm healthy relationships?                                

Why are some people able to effortlessly form happy, longterm relationships, while others seem to be unable to have secure partnerships? 
Insecure attachment styles make it difficult for many people to have secure, intimate relationships. We offer an effective path for healing.













                                    03                                

                                    Are you anxious in relationships?                                

Signs that you may be anxious:

Are you constantly thinking about how to make your partner happy?
Do you overthink your partner’s words or actions until you spiral out of control?
Do you find it hard to trust your partner?
Do you cling to your relationship for happiness and purpose?

Take Our Free Quiz













                                    04                                

                                    Are you avoidant in relationships?                                

Indicators that you may be avoidant:

Are you looking for issues or flaws in your partner?
Do you always look for things that could go wrong in the relationship?
Do you pull away when your partner tries to get closer to you
Do you have a hard time being vulnerable with your partner?













Discover Your Attachment Style in 5 Minutes




Take Our Free Quiz








                Not sure where to start? Let us help…            








Free Quiz
Find out your attachment style with a personal report.











Articles
Insights on the psychology of relationships.











Daily Advice
Follow us on Instagram for daily tips.











Books
View our catalogue of recommended books.














Get mental health tips straight to your inbox





 














I would like to sign up for the newsletter
I agree with terms and conditions and privacy policy














Get Started
What is Attachment?
Attachment Quiz
Emotional Regulation Test
Maladaptive Schemas Test
 



Attachment Styles
Bodynamic: Attachment & Bonding
Healthy Boundaries and Energy Management
Emotional Alchemy
 



Company
Attachment Workbooks
Maladaptive Schemas Workbook
ENM (Ethical Non-Monogamy) Relationships
 



About
Blog
FAQs
Resources
Contact
 











                The Attachment Project’s content and courses are for informational and educational purposes only.

                Our website and products are not intended to be a substitute for professional medical and/or
                psychological advice, diagnosis, or treatment.
            



                        © 2020-2023 MindOnly Pty Ltd
                        Terms
Privacy
 






























