On Deck: Explore starting a company



























Are you in SF and exploring what's next? Check out our September 30 event →Find your people. Which community is right for you?ODFOn Deck FoundersFor early-stage founders who are anywhere from pre-idea through pre-seed.Top CompaniesEventsThe Deep EndBlogExecsLog inApply NowQuestions before applying?Speak with an advisorApplyGo from idea to conviction, alongside other top founders.On Deck is a one-week, in-person sprint where a hundred talented founders figure out what company to build, and with whom. After the program we’ll onboard you to our online network of 2,000+ founders that combines software, support and IRL events to help you build early product momentum, get distribution, and raise capital.Apply NowNext cohort is in early November in San Francisco.The next ODF cohort kicks off in late June with a summit in the Bay Area.‍On Deck founders started 1000+ companies and leveraged the community to find customers, early hires, and investors.Hired employee #1, then raised $63M including a16z and YC Continuity.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Matt SchulmanMatt Schulman ODF3Founder and CEORaised $51M from True Ventures and Village Global.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Viswa ColluruViswa Colluru ODF3Founder and CEORaised $100M from Elad Gil and General Catalyst.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Harshita AroraHarshita Arora ODF3Co-founderRaised $38M from Khosla Ventures and First Round Capital.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Celine HaliouaCeline Halioua ODF2Founder & CEOValidated idea and connected with first users, raised $25M led by 776 VenturesWhat’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Peer RichesonPeer Richeson ODF6Co-founder and CEOFound customers, recruited a team, and raised $21.5M.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Sasha OrloffSasha Orloff ODF8Founder and CEOFound early customers, met over 15 angels, raised $15M Series A led by Smash CapitalWhat’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Tory ReissTory Reiss ODF3Co-founder and CEO Hired early team, raised $10M including Uncork Capital.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Vance RoushVance Roush ODF2FounderRaised $20M from Insight Partners.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Grace ChangGrace Chang ODF5Founder and CEOCo-founders met at On Deck, hired early team, raised $4.5M from NFX.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Maximus GreenwaldMaximus Greenwald ODF2Founder and CEORaised $20M from Felicis Ventures.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Conner SherlineConner Sherline ODF1Founder and CEOValidated their idea and found first users, then raised $1.8M from Point Nine, YC, and Speedinvest.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Ferruccio BalestreriFerruccio Balestreri ODF5Co-founder and CTOCo-founders met at On Deck, then raised $3.8M from Founders Fund, General Catalyst, Lux Capital, and Village Global.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Mike ShebatMike Shebat ODF8Co-founder and CEORaised $56M from Accomplice. Kleiner Perkins, Gradient Ventures and more.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Shrav MehtaShrav Mehta ODF2Founder and CEOMade 5 key hires, then raised $12M from Elevation Capital and General Catalyst.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Amrit SinghAmrit Singh ODF2Co-founder and CROCo-founders met at On Deck, then raised $12M from a16z.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Sam CorcosSam Corcos ODF2Co-founder and CEORaised $4.5M from Lowercarbon.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Maricel SaenzMaricel Sanz Founder & CEOFounding team met at On Deck, raised $5M from Coatue and Seven Seven Six Capital.What’s a Rich Text element?What’s a Rich Text element?The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.Static and dynamic content editingStatic and dynamic content editingA rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!How to customize formatting for each rich textHow to customize formatting for each rich textHeadings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system.JD MarescoJD Maresco ODF5Founder & CEOHired employee #1, then raised $63M including a16z and YC Continuity.On Deck helped us hire our first employee, raise $900k in pre-seed, and accelerate our GTM motion within the network. Our Series B wouldn’t have happened without On Deck.Matt SchulmanMatt Schulman ODF3Founder and CEORaised $51M from True Ventures and Village Global.Viswa ColluruViswa Colluru ODF3Founder and CEORaised $100M from Elad Gil and General Catalyst.Harshita AroraHarshita Arora ODF3Co-founderSee our list of 2023 top companiesMeet early believers who will alter the trajectory of your company.Draw up to $25,000 to cover living expenses‍If you need to cover living expenses while you explore, you can draw up to $25,000 from our Access Initiative via ODF Advance. If you build conviction to start a company, the $25,000 converts to 1.4% equity, and we'll invest another $125,000 via ODX. If you don't, we only ask you to pay it forward to the next founder by contributing back to the Access Initiative.Learn more about ODF AdvanceFirst — meet your cohort in San FranciscoOn Deck kicks off with a week-long program in the Bay Area.Having an anchor in San Francisco, where relentless optimism and contagious ambition are ubiquitous, has never been more important.Our program is designed to help you build foundational relationships with over a hundred founders while helping you figure out what company to build. Then — build your company with the On Deck network at your backAfter the week-long program you can leverage the network, platform and programming.For the lifecycle of your company, you can use On Deck as much or as little as you need. You’ll continue to have access to a vibrant online network, regular programing and frequent IRL happenings, all carefully-engineered programming will help you find the people and answers you need to accelerate your company.Online Community — 2,500+ talented founders to connect with Whether you’re validating an idea, seeking a co-founder, raising money, or just looking for partners to build with — you’ll find people to help you along the way.Community Directory & Asks — find what you needEasily find the most relevant people and answers you need, when you need them. Get notified when there are new members who meet the criteria you’re looking for. IRL events — more collisions, more momentumWe'll host events, fireside chats, co-working days and much more across major cities in the US.Credits and Perks — everything you need to get startedOver $800k in credits and discounts from AWS, Google Cloud, Ramp, Brex, Carta, Eight Sleep, incorporation law firms and much more. Go from idea to conviction. In one week.The program includes the week-long, in-person program and access to the online platform and network for life.Apply NowThe next ODF cohort kicks off in late June with a summit in the Bay Area.Learn more about our Admissions Process ↗️FAQWhat is ODF?On Deck is a one-week, in-person sprint designed to help you figure out what company to build, and with whom. After the week we’ll onboard you to our online network of 2,000+ founders that combines community, software and IRL events to help you build early product momentum, get distribution, and raise capital.Does On Deck charge equity for participation?No, we’re a non-dilutive program.Does it cost money to participate?If accepted, the program fee is $1k which includes the weeklong intensive in San Francisco and ongoing access to the broader digital network.How long is the program?We strongly encourage everyone to attend the week-long event in San Francisco.‍For the rest of the year, how much time you invest in ODF is largely up to you. You’ll continue to have access to a vibrant online community, regular programming and frequent IRL happenings.What is the time commitment?The first week is an intensive, in-person experience. You must commit to being in SF for the majority of the one week intensive.For the rest of the year, how much time you invest in ODF is largely up to you. You’ll continue to have access to a vibrant online community.Can people from outside the US join ODF?We welcome global founders from all over the world to apply and join our community. We want founders to meet in person, then carry their relationships with them wherever they go. We encourage founders to try to spend as much time in SF as they can during the program. You will get the most value from participation if you take this as an opportunity to invest in building your Bay Area network.Additionally, the community mainly consists of founders whose companies are selling to US/EU/LATAM-based customers. Our programming is also mostly geared towards US-based startups, and happens mostly on US-friendly hours. If you are not planning to sell to US/EU/LATAM customers, you may find less utility from ODF.Do I need to live in SF to join the cohort?No, but you must commit to being in SF for the majority of the one week intensive. It’s important to have everyone present physically to make the most of the week. If you cannot make the dates work for IRL you can ask to defer your admission to a future cohort.What's included in ODF?When you join ODF, you get:✅  One week of onboarding alongside 100+ high-momentum founders✅  A year of access to the ODF community, including 2,500+ talented alumni and regular events✅  Access to our legendary Slack and Community Platform✅ Thousands of hours of recorded workshops and how-tos✅ >$800k in perks from companies like AWS, Brex, and CartaAm I a good fit for ODF?If you are anywhere from 50-100% sure you would like to start a company in the next 6 months ODF could be an excellent fit for you. We’ve been doing this for over 4 years and during that time we’ve seen how being part of a cohort can help someone build the conviction they need to go all-in. Applying is free and takes a few minutes so if you’d like to learn more feel free to submit something.Will anyone else know that I joined?Participation is held in strict confidence. Even if you’re happy to share, you are requested to respect the privacy of other members who aren’t ready to make their plans public.How does the Admission process work? How do we assess candidates?On Deck’s Admissions team accepts applications on a rolling basis. Check out ODF Admissions Process to learn more.Here’s what we look for in candidates:Raw entrepreneurial potential and network: Previously founded or was early generalist employee of a notably successful company, and is now moving on to a 2nd/3rd/etc venture.Technical excellence: Has advanced degree and/or recognized as a research leader within applicable technology fields (e.g. machine learning, STEM).Product leadership: Held senior roles at notable companies, and can point to examples of products they’ve built/scaled to hundreds of thousands of people.Industry experience: Worked in X industry for Y years, and has developed and can speak to unique insights or unfair advantage they possess vs. all others.Will ODF be held virtually?You must commit to being in SF for the majority of the one week intensive. It’s important to have everyone present physically to make the most of the week. If you cannot make the dates work for IRL you can ask to defer your admission to a future cohort.When does the next cohort start?The next cohort of ODF (ODF19) kicks off in November in San Francisco.What are the guiding values for On Deck?On Deck lives by four core guiding values, crucial to the culture we strive to foster in the community: Service, Confidentiality, Gratitude, Family.ProgramsOn Deck FoundersExecs On DeckAbout usCareersTop CompaniesOutcomesEventsThe Deep EndBlogJobs at On Deck CompaniesStoriesLeadershipGuiding ValuesOperating PrinciplesMember LoginContactteam@beondeck.compress@beondeck.comPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsStay UpdatedYou have successfully subscribed!Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.© Copyright 2023 nZero Labs, Inc.










 