




















BarBend - Strength Training, Nutrition, News, & Reviews













































































Skip to content


















Subscribe













GO















GO


Strength Sports 
CrossFit
Weightlifting
Powerlifting
Strongman
Bodybuilding
All News


Training 
Exercise Guides
Build Muscle
At Home Workouts
Increase Strength
Conditioning
Programs


Nutrition 
Diets
Fat Loss
Muscle Gain
Supplements





Calculators 
1RM Calculator
BMR Calculator
Macronutrient Calculator
Protein Intake Calculator
Squat Calculator


Exercises 
Abs
Back
Chest
Arms
Shoulders
Legs
Bodyweight
Biceps
Triceps


Movements 
Deadlift
Squat
Bench Press
Snatch
Clean and Jerk
Pull Up
Romanian Deadlift





Equipment Reviews 
Treadmills
Squat Racks
Home Gyms
Barbells
Kettlebells


Nutrition Reviews 
Whey Protein
BCAA
Pre-workout
Meal Replacement
Women’s Fat Burners
Creatine
Men’s Multivitamins
Women’s Multivitamins
Greens Powder
Omega 3
Nitric Oxide


Stay Strong 
The BarBend Newsletter
The Ripped Report
Podcast

 


















Trending Now
 












Muscle vs. movement.

An Overview of Powerlifting Vs. Bodybuilding: The Differences You Need to Know


More From BarBend

2023 IWF World Weightlifting Championships Full ResultsExercise of the Day: Incline Dumbbell CurlPodcast: Why Most Gyms Fail (w/Zack Bartell) 




















2023 IWF World Weightlifting Championships Full Results








USA’s Olivia Reeves Sets Junior World Records, Wins Bronze Medal at 2023 World Weightlifting Championships








Liao Guifang (71KG) Scores Clean & Jerk and Total World Records at 2023 World Weightlifting Championships








How Bikini Bodybuilder Kerigan Pike Trains Back and Arms 3 Weeks Out From Competition
























 



See Our Top Pre-Workout Picks 




 







































Latest News









I Competed in My First Competitive Powerlifting Meet at Age 42 — Here’s How It Went


If you’re a regular reader, or even semi-regular reader, of BarBend, then there’s a good chance you’ve come across at least one of my articles. My name is Roger Lockridge, and I’ve written over 1,000 articles as a BarBend contributor...
Read more












Breon Ansley’s Back Training 9 Weeks Out from the 2023 Olympia










2023 Giants Live World Tour Finals Roster Confirmed










Erin Banks and Dana Linn Bailey Reveal 3 Critical Factors for Bodybuilding Success










William Relf Triumphant at 2023 Britain’s Strongest Man U105KG










4-Time Mr. Olympia Jay Cutler Trains Urs Kalecinski Through Chest Day

























 









Gear Reviews









The 13 Best Kettlebells of 2023, Tested By Fitness Experts











The 15 Best Home Gym Machines of 2023











Best Treadmills for Streaming, Folding, Running, and More











The Best Barbells For All-Around Training, Weightlifting, Powerlifting, Deadlifts, and More











Best Squat Racks For Beginners, Powerlifting, Small Spaces, and More



























 









Nutrition Reviews









The 16 Best Pre-Workout Supplements of 2023 (Reviewed by a Dietitian)











The 12 Best Greens Powders of 2023, According to a Dietitian











16 Best Creatine Supplements of 2023 for Muscle Growth











The Best Meal Replacement Shakes for Weight Loss, Bulking, Low-Carb, and More











The Best Whey Protein Powders For Muscle Growth, Weight Loss, and More



























 
















Training








From Walking with a Cane to Powerlifting Competitions (with Angelo Poli)


Today we have one that really spans the spectrum from fitness to nutrition. I'm talking to Angelo Poli, who is the founder of a company called MetPro. The first part of the podcast talks about Angelo's personal story. He overcame...
Read more













Working Out After a Tattoo: The Do’s and Don’ts, According to a Veteran Artist










The Best 30-Minute Treadmill Workout You Can Do to Build Stamina and Strength










Everything You Need to Know About LISS Cardio and Why You Should Do It

























 



















Exercises








The 16 Best Bodyweight Exercises for More Muscle and Mobility


Stalwart weight lifters may shudder at the thought of trading in their barbells, weight plates, and dumbbells to pump out bodyweight exercises. Reps of air squats and push-ups won't grant you a 500-pound back squat or increase your bench press....
Read more













The 15 Best Triceps Exercises for More Mass and a Bigger Bench Press










The 20 Best Ab Exercises for Strength, Definition, and Stability










The 17 Best Chest Exercises for Big Pecs and a Strong Bench Press










The 20 Best Leg Exercises for Muscle and Strength










The 20 Best Biceps Exercises & Workouts, Chosen By Experts










The 25 Best Back Exercises for Strength and Muscle Gain

























 



























Popular Reviews










AG1 Review — Price, Flavor and Nutrition Breakdown








Transparent Labs BULK Pre-Workout Review — A Pre-Workout for Muscle Gain?








Ghost Whey Protein Review — As Good As the Popular Powders?

























 



















Calculators
 








 




1 Rep Max Calculator 








 




Macros Calculator 































BarBend Podcast










From Rookie to 5th Fittest Woman on Earth (with Alex Gazan)








How to Understand the Weightlifter’s Mindset (with Dr. A’Naja Newsome)








The True Fitness OG (with Bobby Maximus)

























 















 







Welcome To BarBend 



We believe strength is for everyone. That’s why we work nonstop to bring our readers the best in strength training, sports, news, analysis, and opinion. And to do that, we’ve teamed up with some of the world’s smartest and most dedicated minds in strength to present the best analysis and opinions in the community.At BarBend, we don’t think one discipline is superior. We support our readers in finding what makes them passionate about training and self-improvement, whether that’s CrossFit®, weightlifting, powerlifting, strongman, bodybuilding, or something else entirely. 



Our Commitment 



The team at BarBend.com is committed to delivering the most trustworthy content in strength sports news, training, and product reviews. Every article is edited, every product reviewed, every fact checked with our readers top of mind. To read more about how we serve our readers, visit our policies and guidelines page. 



















Media Partners / Providers 



 



Featured In 



 







 













FOLLOW US 











































 




 




 




 




 










 

About Us
Accessibility
Advice Disclaimer
Advertise With Us
Contact Us
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Disclaimers & Disclosures
Terms of Use
Cookies Policy
Editorial Policy
 

 
BarBend is an independent website. The views expressed on this site may come from individual contributors and do not necessarily reflect the view of BarBend or any other organization. BarBend is the Official Media Partner of USA Weightlifting.
Have a question or comment? Get in touch:
Email us: info[at]barbend.com

 






© Copyright BarBend Inc 2023

























































