




Fabrice Bellard's Home Page



https://bellard.org


ts_zip: text compression with
large language models.

TextSynth Server is a web server proposing a REST
API to large language models. They can be used for example for text
completion, question answering, classification, chat, translation,
image generation.


NNCP (lossless data compressor) is now leading
the Large Text
Compression Benchmark.


QuickJS: a small but complete Javascript engine.


Online text completion using the
GPT-J 6B and GPT-NeoX 20B language models.


A tiny and
obfuscated image decoder for the 2018 edition of the International Obfuscated C Contest.


LibBF is small library to handle arbitrary
precision floating point numbers. The TinyPI example computes billions
of digits of PI.


Run X Window or Windows 2000 in your browser.


TinyEMU (previously known as RISCVEMU) is a
small emulator emulating 128 bit RISC-V and x86 machines.


The SoftFP library is a new IEEE 754-2008
floating point emulation library supporting the 32/64/128 bit floating
point types.


BPG (Better Portable Graphics) is a new image
format based
on HEVC
and supported by most browsers with a small Javascript decoder.


A 4G LTE/5G NR/NB-IoT base station running entirely in software on a standard PC.


A new ASN1 compiler generating small and
efficient C code.


A PC emulator in Javascript: how much time takes your browser to boot Linux ?


2700 billion decimal digits of Pi computed with a desktop computer.


Analog and Digital TV (DVB-T) signal generation by displaying an image on a PC display.


QEMU is a generic machine emulator and virtualizer.

FFMPEG, the Open Source Multimedia
System. I launched this project in year 2000 and led it for
several years.

TCC is a tiny
but complete ISOC99 C compiler which enables you to use C as scripting
language. TCC has its roots in the OTCC
project. The TCCBOOT boot loader
demonstrate the speed of TCC by compiling and launching a Linux kernel
in less than 15 seconds.

QEmacs (for Quick Emacs) is an emacs clone I began to learn Unicode rendering algorithms, text buffers manipulation and XML/HTML/CSS parsing.

OTCC is a very small self-compiling compiler for
a subset of C I wrote to win the 2001 edition of the International Obfuscated C Contest.

TinyGL: a Small, Free and Fast Subset
of OpenGL.


An online Scientific Web Calculator.


Pi formulas, algorithms and computations.


A tiny C program to print the biggest 
known prime number. 

Old projects.

If you have any questions or suggestions, write to fabrice at bellard




last update: Aug 7, 2023


