







BERG MOVEMENT
















































































































            Training App
          

            Forum
          

            Blog
          



            About
          

              Movement Products
            

            Inspiration
          












































































Training AppForumBlog











AboutMovement ProductsInspiration








 

BERG MOVEMENT APP





 CHECK OUT THE APP!



Calisthenics & handstand blogs & tutorials






Calisthenics Blog

























Handstand guide for Complete Beginners - 3 steps
































5 Common One Arm Handstand Mistakes... and how to fix them
































One Arm Handstand - Drills and Progressions when starting out
































One Arm Handstand - Position/Form Guidelines to Make Your Life Easier
































Human Flag Progressions - Beginner to Advanced Progressions
































Planche Training With Resistance Bands
































How to Backflip - WITHOUT a gym!
































3 Shoulder Positions for Efficient Handstands
































5 Handstand Myths that will destroy your progress
































Hip and Spine Positioning for a Straight Handstand - Handstand form 102
































PREVENTING Wrist Injury - Wrists of Steel in 9 steps
































Tuck Planche - 7 form cues and 4 adjustable exercise drills
































10 Tips on Managing Injuries For calisthenics & handstands 
































How to Handstand Kick Up 
































6 set types for better progress in Calisthenics & Strength training
































Prevent under balancing (falling backwards) your handstand!
































How to do a Handstand? Learn How to Use Your Hands!! 
































Handstand: The Most Important Form Cues
































Muscle-Up in 3 steps - How to do the Slow Muscle-Up
































Explosive Muscle-Up - How to do it
































4 uncommon planche strategies & the best planche progression
































How to do One Arm Pull-Up - The King of Calisthenics pull strength
































3 adjustable Biceps Isolation Exercises using only bodyweight training
































How to Hollowback  - Take your handstand to the next level!
































How to Press Handstand - are you making these mistakes?
































Can't learn the front lever? - Try these uncommon progressions!
































Back Lever Tutorial - Your first calisthenics party trick
































10 Things to avoid doing when learning handstand
































The Best Calisthenics & Handstand App Just Got Even better!
































90 Degree Handstand Push-up Tutorial - A step by step guide

















 

Calisthenics & Handstand community forum

 











 


Latest forum topics:






  








































Join Newsletter & check out useful links and discounts



About


 












    Download app
  

 





























contactsondre@bergmovement.com#MovementMade














Home
Blog






