







Newsletters and feeds, in one | Big News




















Big News











Download





Overview


What's New


Tour


Help









News from here, there, everywhere.
Big News blends your newsletters and feeds together into one super-smart reading experience.

















Newsletters + RSS


Big News seamlessly combines different sources from across the web – like newsletters and RSS feeds – into one unified reading experience. So it doesn't matter what you're reading, or where it's from, you can find it all in Big News.









One place for your newsletters and feeds.











Big Contact Card


With your very own @bignews.app email address, newsletters skip your regular inbox and instead are sent directly to Big News. That means less stuff mixed in with your daily emails and more great reads for when you want them.









An email address just for newsletters.













Channels


Add your existing newsletters and feeds to Big News in just a few taps. Plus, the Big News directory contains hundreds of channels, so you're sure to find the sites and newsletters you already love – as well as discover something altogether new.
































Sources you already know and trust.































The Today Tab


We didn't want to create another list of things in an inbox to be managed. That's why Big News uses dozens of signals to intelligently prioritise the stories that matter to you today, all in one inviting layout. There's no endless pile of unread badges or month-old news. Just the Big News, today.









Not just another inbox.











The Reader


Enjoy stories in a beautiful fullscreen, edge-to-edge layout. Big News analyses the page to remove annoying distractions like popups and overlays, leaving you to focus on the story itself. Also, with less stuff to load, it means stories appear in an instant.







Fullscreen, distraction-free reading.






Trending Stories


Big News anonymously aggregates story views from other users – as well as other signals from across the web – to work out the day's biggest news.







Trending Stories









Notifications


Get real-time notifications from the channels you choose or receive a daily round up – or both. So it doesn't matter whether it's for now or for later; Big News has you covered.







News as it breaks, or when you're on yours









Widgets


Big News comes with a collection of home-screen widgets, so you can always have the latest news at your fingertips.









News that feels right at home-screen.











Open Standards


We built Big News upon the open standards of the web – like RSS and SMTP – so it already works with thousands of sources today, as well as thousands more in the future.







RSS.SMTP.OMG.







And so much more.




Sync
Everything in Big News automatically syncs across all your devices. No third-party service is required.



Blazing fast search
Find stories quickly, both from the channels you follow, as well as the ones you don't.



Privacy as standard
Like every product we make, we never sell or share your data with third parties. Privacy Policy →



Native look and feel
We love our Apple devices, so Big News's user interface will look and feel right at home on your Mac, iPhone and iPad.







Get Big News
Big News is available as a free iPhone and iPad app on the App Store.
Download






Free
$0.00/mo
Get started for free:

A @bignews.app address
Up to 10 channels
Up to 100 bookmarks



Plus
$1.99/mo
Everything in Free, plus:

Up to 100 channels
Unlimited Bookmarks
Up to 1 year of History
Hide sponsored posts



Max
$3.99/mo
Take Big News to the Max:

Customise your address
Up to 1000 channels
Unlimited Bookmarks
Unlimited History*
Hide sponsored posts








Terms
Privacy
Press
Twitter
Blog

© 2022 The Not So Big Company, London
Mac, iPad, iPhone, macOS and iOS are trademarks of Apple Inc.








