













Technology & Marketing Law Blog -
















































 Technology & Marketing Law Blog


Menu
Biography
Academic Materials

Writing
Presentations
Resources


Courses

Advertising & Marketing Law
Contract Law
Copyright Law
Internet Law
IP Survey
Legal Ethics


Contact
Blogs

Tertium Quid Blog
Eric Goldman’s Personal Blog
About the Bloggers











Schedule A (SAD Scheme) Plaintiff Sanctioned for “Fraud on the Court”–Xped v. Respect the Look
September 10, 2023 · by Eric Goldman · in Copyright, Evidence/Discovery, Trademark 


This is one of the thousands of “Schedule A” cases, a phenomenon I’ve labeled the “SAD Scheme.” (Technically, the defendants in this case are enumerated on “Exhibit 1” instead of “Schedule A,” but same thing). The court describes the phenomenon:…





Facebook Can Reject Unwanted Ads–Newton v. Meta
September 8, 2023 · by Eric Goldman · in Content Regulation, Derivative Liability, Licensing/Contracts, Marketing 


This is yet another online content removal lawsuit, and it reaches the obvious and inevitable result that dozens of cases have reached before it. The plaintiffs sought to run Facebook ads for the movie “Beautiful Blue Eyes,” a movie about…





Anti-Vaxxer’s Lawsuit Over Channel Removal Fails–Mercola v. YouTube
September 5, 2023 · by Eric Goldman · in Content Regulation, Licensing/Contracts 


Joseph Mercola ran a YouTube channel with 300k subscribers and 50M views. YouTube removed the channel for violating its medical misinformation policy (Mercola apparently peddled anti-vax views). Mercola sued YouTube for the usual things and got the usual outcomes. Mercola…





Lawsuit Over Twitter Suspension Fails Again–Zhang v. Twitter
August 31, 2023 · by Eric Goldman · in Content Regulation, Derivative Liability, Licensing/Contracts 


A Twitter user sued over his account suspension. The court dismissed the case without prejudice. Blog post coverage of that ruling here. The user tried again. Same result. Section 230. Twitter qualifies for the standard three-element test for 230: Twitter…





Court Denies Injunction in Competitive Keyword Ad Lawsuit–Nursing CE Central v. Colibri
August 30, 2023 · by Eric Goldman · in Marketing, Search Engines, Trademark 


This is a competitive keyword advertising lawsuit. The plaintiff has a trademark registration for the “Nursing CE Central” mark for providing continuing education for nurses. [Note: if it’s not obvious, “CE” is an abbreviation for “continuing education.” Just like we…





Preemptive Challenge to California’s Mandatory Editorial Transparency Law Lacks Standing–Minds v. Bonta
August 27, 2023 · by Eric Goldman · in Content Regulation 


The plaintiffs in this case are Minds, Inc., Tim Pool, the Babylon Bee, and National Religious Broadcasters, which are (respectively): “a social networking app, an active social media content creator, a satirical news website, and a nonpartisan association of Christian…





YouTube Still Isn’t a State Actor–RFK Jr. v. Google
August 26, 2023 · by Eric Goldman · in Content Regulation 


In 2020, the Ninth Circuit held that YouTube was not a state actor. It still isn’t. The plaintiff here is RFK Jr., the leading presidential candidate among the #MAGA base of the Democratic party. Even his relatives have condemned him…





Web Scraping for Me, But Not for Thee (Guest Blog Post)
August 24, 2023 · by Eric Goldman · in Internet History, Licensing/Contracts, Trespass to Chattels 


by guest blogger Kieran McCarthy There are few, if any, legal domains where hypocrisy is as baked into the ecosystem as it is with web scraping. Some of the biggest companies on earth—including Meta and Microsoft—take aggressive, litigious approaches to…





My Comments to the USPTO About the SAD Scheme and Anticounterfeiting/Antipiracy Efforts
August 23, 2023 · by Eric Goldman · in Copyright, Patents, Trademark 


[I submitted the following comments to the USPTO] __ To: United States Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce From:  Prof. Eric Goldman, Associate Dean for Research, Santa Clara University School of Law Date:  August 22, 2023 Re: Comments regarding…





Court Says No Human Author, No Copyright (but Human Authorship of GenAI Outputs Remains Uncertain) (Guest Blog Post)
August 22, 2023 · by Eric Goldman · in Copyright 


by guest blogger Heather Whitney To the surprise of no one, a D.C. district court granted summary judgment for the Copyright Office in Thaler v. Perlmutter, No. 1:22-cv-01564 (D.D.C. Aug. 18, 2023), affirming the Copyright Office’s position that “a work…



1
2
…
423
Next →


 
Subscribe to Blog via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

Email Address                        








Subscribe                        


 


Search on this blog




Categories

Adware/Spyware (191)

Content Regulation (1,289)

Copyright (815)

Derivative Liability (1,398)

Domain Names (167)

E-Commerce (562)

Emojis (53)

Evidence/Discovery (166)

General (165)

Internet History (235)

Licensing/Contracts (693)

Marketing (708)

Patents (93)

Privacy/Security (646)

Publicity/Privacy Rights (266)

Search Engines (594)

Spam (212)

Trade Secrets (88)

Trademark (746)

Trespass to Chattels (125)

Virtual Worlds (55)







Copyright © 2023 Technology & Marketing Law Blog















