



Salesforce AI



























































Blog
The Latest and Greatest from Salesforce Research





Topics


accountability


accuracy


ACL 2022


adversarial attacks


Agent-Based Models


AI agents


AI assistant


AI coding


AI Economist


AI ethics


AI for Global Climate Cooperation


ai future


AI object detection


AI Operations


AI principles


AI Research


AI Research Residents


AI Residency Program


AI Summarist


AI Training


AI-fairness


ALPRO


artificial intelligence


AutoML


bias


biomedical-ai


BLIP


bootstrapping


bot builders


bot simulation


BotSIM


causal analysis


certification


chatbot builders


chatbots


Climate AI


Climate Change


Climate Change AI


Climate Change Competition


Climate Economics


code generation


Code RL


code understanding


code-intelligence


code-mixing


CodeGen


codet5+


compositional generalization


computer vision


concept drift


conference papers


conferences


consent


continual learning


Contract Design


controllable summarization


controllable text summarization


conversational AI


conversational AI programming


Converse


counterfactuals


crm


CTRLsum


CUDA


culture


CVPR 2022


data


data quality


data-cloud


databases


deep forecasting


deep learning


deep learning library


deep learning theory


deep RL


deep time-index models


deep time-series forecasting


deeplearning


DeepTime


Diversity


DL library


economic analysis


economics


education


encoder-decoder


engineering


enterprise


Enterprise App Recommendation


equality


ethics


ETS


ETSformer


evolution


exact diffusion inversion via coupled transforms


Explainability


Explainable AI


explanations


feature learning


few-shot learning


forecasting


frameworks


FSL


FSNet


fuzzy-matching


Game Theory


generalization


generative AI


GPU simulations


human rights


humaneval


ICLR


ICLR 2022


ICML 2022


identity-resolution


image editing


image generation


impact


interpretability


interpretable ML


journals


KBQA


knowledge bases


language-image pre-training


Language-Vision


large language model


LAVIS


library


llm


machine-learning


MADRL


Merlion


meta-learning


ML


ML library


ML pipeline


ML repo


model cards


multi-agent deep RL


multi-agent RL


multi-agent-systems


multilingual


multilingual NLP


multimodal content generation


multivariable observational data


NAACL 2022


natural language


natural language interface


Near-Negative Distinction


Negotiation Design


news


NLG


NLP


NND


nofeature


non-stationarity


Numba


object detection


OmniXAI


online learning


online privacy


open source


open vocabulary object detection


operationalizing principles


OVD


PB-OVD


Policy Design


practitioners


pre-training


pretrained language model


productivity


program synthesis


proteins


pseudo bounding-box labels


pseudo labels


publications


Python


Python library


PyTorch


PyTorch Lightning


QA


question answering


Recommendation Systems


reinforcement-learning


reliability


Reliable AI


representation learning


research


research highlights


Research Roundup


Responsible AI


RICE-N


right to be forgotten


RnG-KBQA


root cause analysis


Science Advances


security


serving


simulations


Slack


social-welfare


soft-matching


summarization


Summer 2022


TaiChi


task oriented dialogue systems


task-oriented dialog


text generation evaluation


text summarization


text to image to 3D


text-to-image diffusion


time series


time series forecasting


time series transformers


TOD


TOD systems


tooling


toolkits


Training


transformers


transparency


trust


universal object detector


video QA


video question answering


video-and-language


video-language pre-training


video-text retrieval


vision and language


vision-language generation


vision-language understanding


voice


WarpDrive


webly supervised learning


xai


zero-shot generalization


Authors


Akari Asai


Akash Gokul


Akhilesh Deepak Gotmare


Alex Trott


Alexander Rosenberg Johansen


Alexandria Murray


Ali Madani


Allison Ching


Amrita Saha


Anna Bethke


Audrey Cook


Ben Krause


Bo Pang


Bram Wallace


Bryan McCann


Caiming Xiong


Chen Xing


Chenghao Liu


Chien-Sheng Wu


Christina Zhang


Congying Xia


David Parkes


Denise Perez


Denna Mafie


Devansh Arpit


Divyansh Agarwal


Donald Rose


Dongxu Li


Doyen Sahoo


Ehsan Hosseini-Asl


Erik Nijkamp


Gerald Woo


Guangsen Wang


Henry Hung Le


Hiroaki Hayashi


Huan Wang


James Bradbury


Jesse Vig


Jin Qu


Juan Carlos Niebles


Junnan Li


Katherine Siu


Kathy Baxter


Kazuma Hashimoto


Le Xue


Lidiya Murakhovs'ka


Lifu Tu


Meghana Bhat


Melvin Gruesbeck


Mia Ferrer


Michael Sollami


Nazneen Rajani


Nghi Bui


Nikhil Naik


Ning Yu


Nitish Shirish Keskar


Pan Zhou


Paul Josel


Philippe Laban


Ramprasaath R. Selvaraju


Ran Xu


Richard Socher


Romain Paulus


Rui Meng


Ryan Van Wagoner


Salesforce Research


Samson Tan


Semih Yavuz


Senthil Purushwalkam


Shafiq Rayhan Joty


Shelby Heinecke


Shu Zhang


Silvio Savarese


Stanislav Georgiev


Stephan Zheng


Stephen Merity


Steven Hoi


Sunil Srinivasa


Tian Lan


Tian Xie


Tianlu Wang


Vena Jia Li


Vera Serdiukova


Victor Zhong


Victoria Lin


Wenzhuo Yang


Wojciech Kryscinski


Xinyi Yang


Yingbo Zhou


Yoav Schlesinger


Yu Bai


Yue Wang


Zeyuan Chen


Zhiwei Liu








We're Hiring! Trusted AI Roles at Salesforce
Meet the Office of Ethical and Humane Use

Salesforce's Office of Ethical and Humane Use provides navigational guidance for the tough questions that arise when human potential meets emergent technology. We work across the company to guide the design, development, and deployment of trusted products, with a strong focus on
21 Aug 2023 • 
Christina Zhang • 
#AI ethics






Prototyping XGen-Image-1
TLDR


Generative AI methods for image generation have a wide variety of potential applications in marketing, sales, and e-commerce. With these applications in mind, the Salesforce Research team has developed several techniques based on image-generative diffusion models, including methods for image editing, improved classifier guidance, and improved controlled generation methods.
03 Aug 2023 • 
Bram Wallace • 







PyRCA: Making Root Cause Analysis Easy in AIOps
TL;DR: PyRCA is an open-source machine learning library specifically designed for conducting Root Cause Analysis (RCA) in IT operations. It offers a comprehensive framework that allows users to easily identify the complicated metric causal dependencies and automatically locate the root causes of incidents. The library provides a unified interface
11 Jul 2023 • 
Chenghao Liu • 
#root cause analysis






CodeGen2.5: Small, but mighty
Equal contribution between Erik Nijkamp and Hiroaki Hayashi.

Paper
Code
Tweet


Abstract


The family of Salesforce CodeGen models is growing with CodeGen2.5 – a small, but mighty model! While there has been a recent trend of large language models (LLM) of increasing size, we show that a small model can
06 Jul 2023 • 
Erik Nijkamp • 
#CodeGen






Long Sequence Modeling with XGen:  A 7B LLM Trained on 8K Input Sequence Length
TLDR

We trained a series of 7B LLMs named XGen-7B with standard dense attention on up to 8K sequence length for up to 1.5T tokens. We also fine tune the models on public-domain instructional data. The main take-aways are:

 * On standard NLP benchmarks, XGen achieves comparable or better results
28 Jun 2023 • 
Erik Nijkamp • 
#llm






Toward Actionable Generative AI
LAMs: From Large Language Models to Large Action Models

There’s no question that we’re living in the era of generative AI, and its impact is only growing. More and more, AI is helping us write emails, create imagery, consume information, and even code. But as empowering as it
27 Jun 2023 • 
Silvio Savarese • 







Mask-free OVIS: An Open-Vocabulary Instance Segmentation Mask Generator
Authors: Vibashan Vishnukumar Sharmini, Ning Yu, Ran Xu

Have you ever wondered how long it takes for a human annotator to annotate a dataset like COCO? MORE THAN A YEAR. Not to mention, even training a detection model on this dataset would only equip it to detect those specific 80
16 Jun 2023 • 
Ning Yu • 







A Leap Forward in 3D Understanding: The ULIP and ULIP-2
TL;DR:

Imagine a world where machines comprehend 3D objects just as humans do. The ULIP (CVPR2023) and ULIP-2 projects, backed by Salesforce AI, are making this a reality by revolutionizing 3D understanding. ULIP uniquely pre-trains models with 3D point clouds, images, and texts, aligning them into a unified representation
23 May 2023 • 
Le Xue • 







CodeT5+: Open Code Large Language Models
TL;DR: CodeT5+ is a new family of open code large language models (LLMs) with improved model architectures and training techniques. CodeT5+ achieves the state-of-the-art performance among the open-source LLMs on many challenging code intelligence tasks, including zero-shot evaluation on the code generation benchmark HumanEval.  


Background: Code LLMs

Large language
20 May 2023 • 
Yue Wang • 
#codet5+






ConRad: Image Constrained Radiance Fields for 3D Generation from a Single Image
TLDR

We present ConRad, a novel approach for generating a 3D model from a single RGB image. We introduce a 3D representation that allows us to explicitly constrain the appearance of the object using the input image which leads to preservation of depicted details.  




Background

Over the last few years,
05 May 2023 • 
Senthil Purushwalkam • 
#image generation






Generative AI: 5 Guidelines for Responsible Development
We have established a set of five guidelines that build upon our Trusted AI Principles to provide more detailed guidance for the responsible development and implementation of GenAI.
28 Apr 2023 • 
Kathy Baxter • 
#accountability






Meet Salesforce’s Trusted AI Principles
It is not enough to deliver only the technological capabilities of AI – we also have an important responsibility to ensure that AI is safe and inclusive for all. These are our commitments to building AI responsibly.
28 Apr 2023 • 
Kathy Baxter • 
#AI ethics






LogAI: A Library for Log Analytics and Intelligence
TL;DR


LogAI is an open-source library designed for log analytics and intelligence. It can process raw logs generated by computer systems and support log analytics tasks such as log clustering and summarization, as well as log intelligence tasks such as log anomaly detection and root-cause analysis. LogAI is compatible
06 Apr 2023 • 
Doyen Sahoo • 







In Loving Memory of Dragomir Radev
The Salesforce AI Team is mourning the loss of our beloved friend and mentor, Dragomir Radev.

Our team was first introduced to Drago in November 2018 when he gave a talk at our Research Speaker Series. His passion for research beamed through his talk and our leadership team unanimously decided
04 Apr 2023 • 
Audrey Cook • 







BLIP-2: Scalable Pre-training of Multimodal Foundation Models for the World's First Open-source Multimodal Chatbot
BLIP-2: Scalable Pre-training of Multimodal Foundation Models for the World's First Open-source Multimodal Chatbot
17 Mar 2023 • 
Junnan Li • 







Unify Profiles with Salesforce Data Cloud Identity Resolution Soft-Matching
Salesforce Data Cloud, the first real-time CRM, is turning your data into real-time customer magic. You might have witnessed how our AI research is powering intelligent experiences with Identity Resolution for Fuzzy Matching featured at Dreamforce.

The goal of identity resolution is to identify the same individuals across datasets and
16 Feb 2023 • 
Denise Perez • 
#identity-resolution






CausalAI: Answering Causality Questions Using Observational Data
TLDR; We introduce the Salesforce CausalAI Library, an open source library for causal analysis of time series and tabular data. The Salesforce CausalAI Library aims to provide a one-stop solution to the various needs in causal analysis including handling different data types, data generation, multi-processing for speed-up, utilizing domain knowledge
31 Jan 2023 • 
Devansh Arpit • 
#multivariable observational data






EDICT: Accurate Text-Guided Image Editing with Diffusion Models
TL;DR: Text-to-image diffusion models are very adept at generating novel images from a text prompt, but current adaptations of these methods to image editing suffer from a lack of consistency and faithfulness to the original image. Many of these discrepancies can be traced to the difficulty of inverting the
09 Jan 2023 • 
Bram Wallace • 
#text-to-image diffusion






AI Summarist: Get Your Time Back on Slack, Boost Productivity & Focus, Personalize Information Consumption
TL;DR: Slack is a powerful productivity tool that professionals and teams around the globe depend on to communicate and keep up with vital information at work, making async work efficient. However, with an increase in the number (and variety) of conversations on Slack that a typical user keeps track
06 Dec 2022 • 
Divyansh Agarwal • 
#AI Summarist






BotSIM: An End-to-End Automatic Evaluation Framework for Task-Oriented Dialog Systems
TL;DR: We present BotSIM, a data-efficient end-to-end Bot SIMulation toolkit for evaluation, diagnosis, and improvement of commercial task-oriented dialogue (TOD) systems. BotSIM's “generation-simulation-remediation'' paradigm can accelerate the end-to-end bot evaluation and iteration process by: (1) reducing the effort needed to create test cases; (2) enabling a better understanding of
29 Nov 2022 • 
Guangsen Wang • 
#bot simulation






Near-Negative Distinction: Re-Thinking Text Generation Evaluation
We introduce an automated method for evaluating the quality of AI-generated text by repurposing prior human evaluation data. The method is called Near-Negative Distinction.
23 Nov 2022 • 
Philippe Laban • 
#Near-Negative Distinction






Salesforce AI Research at NeurIPS 2022
Conference Overview

Next week, the Thirty-sixth annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS) will be held in New Orleans, Louisiana from Monday, November 28th, through Friday, December 9th. NeurIPS will include invited talks, demonstrations, oral and poster presentations of accepted papers. Along with the conference is a professional exposition
22 Nov 2022 • 
Mia Ferrer • 







Resolve Cases Quickly with Interactive Einstein Search Answers
Background

We live in a digital world where many of us depend on customer service to be at its best. Whether it's calling about an order issue or needing help to activate an account, we are always reaching out to customer service to save the day. We are no longer
15 Nov 2022 • 
Denise Perez • 







Salesforce AI Residency Program Opens Applications for 2023; 12-Month Training Helps Launch Careers of AI Researchers and Engineers
TL;DR: Applications are now open for the next cohort of Salesforce’s AI Residency Program. We invite researchers and engineers to join our 12-month training program, designed to help launch their careers while serving as AI Residents at Salesforce AI Research. Candidates based in the U.S. can apply
04 Nov 2022 • 
Donald Rose • 
#AI Residency Program






FAccT 2022 CRAFT Summary: Challenges in FAccT from Research to Practice to Policy
We summarize insights from our FAccT 2022 CRAFT workshop that focused on Concepts of Fairness & Transparency, Applied RAI Practices, Organizational Approaches to RAI & Cultural Change, and Public Policy & Regulation.
02 Nov 2022 • 
Kathy Baxter • 
#AI ethics






WarpDrive v2 Release Supports Numba to Simplify Machine Learning Workloads and Make Building Simulations Easier on NVIDIA GPUs
TL;DR: Deep reinforcement learning (RL), a powerful learning framework to train AI agents, can be slow as it requires repeated interaction with a simulation of the environment. Our original WarpDrive accelerates multi-agent deep RL on NVIDIA GPUs, enabling 10-100x speedups compared to alternative CPU+GPU implementations of multi-agent simulations.
02 Nov 2022 • 
Tian Lan • 
#WarpDrive






FSNet Learns Deep Time-Series Forecasting Models On the Fly, Adapts to Nonstationary Environments
AUTHORS: Chenghao Liu, Quang Pham, Doyen Sahoo, Donald Rose

TL;DR: Nonstationary data, which changes its statistical properties over time, can make time series forecasting difficult. Despite the recent success of deep learning techniques for time series forecasting tasks, these methods are not scalable for applications where data arrives sequentially
28 Oct 2022 • 
Chenghao Liu • 
#time series






DeepTime: Using Deep Time-Index Meta-Learning to Improve Non-Stationary Time-Series Forecasting
TL;DR: The performance of existing time-series forecasting methods can degrade
due to non-stationarity, where the statistical distribution of time-series data
changes over time. Our new DeepTime method overcomes non-stationarity issues by
leveraging a “forecasting as meta-learning” framework on deep time-index models.
DeepTime achieves competitive accuracy on the long-sequence time-series
13 Oct 2022 • 
Gerald Woo • 
#DeepTime






Burn After Reading: Preserving Privacy Using Online Adaptation for Cross-Domain Streaming Data
AUTHORS: Zeyuan Chen, Ran Xu, Luyu Yang, Donald Rose

TL;DR: Many methods designed to preserve online privacy propose complex security measures to protect sensitive data. We believe that not storing any sensitive data is the optimal way to preserve privacy, so we propose a “burn after reading” online framework:
06 Oct 2022 • 
Zeyuan Chen • 
#online privacy






If You Can Say It, You Can Do It: The Age of Conversational AI
Imagine you find yourself in the cockpit of a next-generation spacecraft—the kind that can get you from low Earth orbit to the Kuiper belt without breaking a sweat. How do you envision controlling it? Science fiction has conditioned us to equate futuristic technology with dazzling complexity, so you might
03 Oct 2022 • 
Silvio Savarese • 
#conversational AI






Summer 2022 Salesforce Research Roundup
As we say a fond farewell to summer (bummer!), let's look back and review some
of the stellar work reported on by Salesforce AI researchers during the past few
months. (For more details, we encourage you to click the link for each project
to read the full blog post.)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
30 Sep 2022 • 
Donald Rose • 
#Summer 2022






Meet LAVIS: A One-stop Library for Language-Vision AI Research and Applications
TL;DR: LAVIS (short for LAnguage-VISion) is an open-source deep learning library for language-vision research and applications, offering comprehensive support for a wide range of tasks, datasets, and state-of-the-art models. Featuring a unified interface and modular design, it’s easy to use off-the-shelf and to extend with new capabilities. With
20 Sep 2022 • 
Dongxu Li • 
#LAVIS






ETSformer: Exponential Smoothing Transformers for Time-Series Forecasting
TL;DR: We developed a new time-series forecasting model called ETSformer that leverages the power of two frameworks. By combining the classical intuition of seasonal-trend decomposition and exponential smoothing with modern transformers – as well as introducing novel exponential smoothing and frequency attention mechanisms – ETSformer achieves state-of-the-art performance.




Background






Before diving
23 Aug 2022 • 
Gerald Woo • 
#ETSformer






Open Vocabulary Object Detection with Pseudo Bounding-Box Labels: Towards a Universal Object Detector
AUTHORS: Chen Xing, Mingfei Gao, Donald Rose

TL;DR: Most AI object detection methods work only on limited object categories, due to the human effort required for bounding-box annotations of training data. We developed a new method that automatically generates pseudo bounding-box annotations of diverse objects from large-scale image-caption pairs,
16 Aug 2022 • 
Chen Xing • 
#object detection






Responsible AI Matters: How Leading Practitioners Are Implementing It
We brought together 24 practitioners from 17 organizations to talk about a success in their practice they believed others could emulate or a challenge they were facing & wanted to brainstorm with others. We summarize the insights from 2 breakout discussions: Governance/Accountability & Incentives.
09 Aug 2022 • 
Kathy Baxter • 
#AI ethics






AI for Global Climate Cooperation: Salesforce Research and Mila Announce Climate Change Collaboration and Competition
TL;DR:  Salesforce Research and Mila announce AI for Global Climate Cooperation, a working group collaboration and competition to design negotiation protocols and climate agreements. We plan to coauthor a peer-reviewed scientific paper with top-performing teams; insights will be distilled into a policy brief shared with leading policymakers, informing future
05 Aug 2022 • 
Stephan Zheng • 
#AI for Global Climate Cooperation






AI Coding with CodeRL: Toward Mastering Program Synthesis with Deep Reinforcement Learning
TL;DR: CodeRL is a new framework for program synthesis through holistic integration of pretrained language models and deep reinforcement learning. By utilizing unit test feedback as part of model training and inference, and integrating with an improved CodeT5 model, CodeRL achieves state-of-the-art results on competition-level programming tasks.

The following
19 Jul 2022 • 
Henry Hung Le • 
#reinforcement-learning






Salesforce Research at ICML 2022
Conference Overview

This weekend will kick off the thirty-ninth International Conference on Machine
Learning (ICML). This conference specifically aims to bring together
professionals who are dedicated to the advancement of Machine Learning (ML) in
Artificial Intelligence. Participants at ICML come from many different
backgrounds, including academic and industrial researchers, entrepreneurs
17 Jul 2022 • 
Mia Ferrer • 
#conferences






Salesforce Research at NAACL 2022
Conference Overview

This weekend marks the start of the Annual Conference of the North American
Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics (NAACL). NAACL provides
a regional focus for members of the Association for Computational Linguistics
(ACL) in North America. NAACL organizes annual conferences, promotes cooperation
and information exchange among
10 Jul 2022 • 
Mia Ferrer • 
#NAACL 2022






Salesforce Research at CVPR 2022
Conference Overview

The IEEE / CVF Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Conference (CVPR) is the
annual conference on Computer Vision. CVPR is composed of both the main
conference, as well as workshops and other courses, to provide a unique learning
experience and networking opportunities in the field of Computer Vision.

CVPR
20 Jun 2022 • 
Mia Ferrer • 
#computer vision






TaiChi: Open Source Library for Few-Shot NLP
AUTHORS: Sharvin Shah, Jin Qu, Donald Rose

TL;DR: TaiChi is an open source library for few-shot NLP, designed for data scientists and software engineers who want to get some quick results or build proof-of-concept products but don’t have much experience with few-shot learning (FSL). The library abstracts complex
15 Jun 2022 • 
Jin Qu • 
#NLP






OmniXAI: Making Explainable AI Easy for Any Data, Any Models, Any Tasks
TL;DR:OmniXAI (short for Omni eXplainable AI) is designed to address many of the
pain points in explaining decisions made by AI models. This open-source library
aims to provide data scientists, machine learning engineers, and researchers
with a one-stop Explainable AI (XAI) solution to analyze, debug, and interpret
their
14 Jun 2022 • 
Wenzhuo Yang • 
#OmniXAI






Meet Merlion: An End-to-End Easy-to-Use Machine Learning Library for Time Series Applications
AUTHORS: Huan Wang, Aadyot Bhatnagar, Doyen Sahoo, Wenzhuo Yang, Steven Hoi, Caiming Xiong, Donald Rose

TL;DR: Time series data is a critical source of insights for many applications, including IT Operations, Quality Management, Financial Analytics, and Inventory & Sales Management. While a variety of dedicated packages and software exist, engineers
02 Jun 2022 • 
Huan Wang • 
#ML






ALPRO: Understanding Video and Language by Aligning Visual Regions and Text Entities
TL;DR: We propose ALPRO, a new video-and-language representation learning framework which achieves state-of-the-art performance on video-text retrieval and video question answering by learning fine-grained alignment between video regions and textual entities via entity prompts.

For more background (a review of key concepts used in this post), please see the
31 May 2022 • 
Dongxu Li • 
#ALPRO






RnG-KBQA: Rank-and-Generate Approach for Question Answering Over Knowledge Bases
Lead Author: Xi Ye

TL;DR: We propose RnG-KBQA, a Rank-and-Generate Approach for Question Answering over Knowledge Bases, which enables answering natural language questions over large-scale knowledge bases. Our approach is capable of answering questions about topics never seen in the training data, which makes it generalizable to a broad
23 May 2022 • 
Semih Yavuz • 
#KBQA






Turbocharge Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning with WarpDrive and PyTorch Lightning
TL;DR: WarpDrive is a flexible, lightweight, easy-to-use end-to-end reinforcement learning (RL) framework; enables orders-of-magnitude faster training on a single GPU. PyTorch Lightning enables you to modularize experimental code, and build production-ready workloads fast. Together, they can help significantly accelerate multi-agent RL R&D.




Reinforcement Learning: Agents Learn by Maximizing
20 May 2022 • 
Sunil Srinivasa • 
#WarpDrive






Salesforce Research at ACL 2022
Conference Overview

This year marks the 60th annual meeting of the Association for Computational
Linguistics Conference (ACL [https://www.2022.aclweb.org/]). ACL is the premier
international scientific and professional society for people working on
computational problems involving human language, a field often referred to as
either computational linguistics or
19 May 2022 • 
Mia Ferrer • 
#NLP






Science Advances Publishes AI Economist Research on Improving Tax Policies With Reinforcement Learning
TL;DR: The AI Economist, a reinforcement learning (RL) system, learns dynamic tax policies that optimize equality along with productivity in simulated economies, outperforming alternative tax systems. We have now expanded this research, which is being published in the interdisciplinary scientific journal Science Advances.


Humans or AI: Which Can Design
05 May 2022 • 
Stephan Zheng • 
#AI Economist






Salesforce Research at ICLR 2022
Conference Overview

This year marks the Tenth International Conference on Learning Representations (
ICLR [https://iclr.cc/Conferences/2022]), one of the premier academic
conferences dedicated to advancing research in representation learning - a type
of machine learning also referred to as feature learning or deep learning.

ICLR features the latest
25 Apr 2022 • 
Mia Ferrer • 
#ICLR






Converse Task-Oriented Dialogue System Simplifies Chatbot Building, Handles Complex Tasks
AUTHORS: Tian Xie, Xinyi Yang, Angela Lin, Donald Rose


Introduction and Background



Creating a system capable of conducting a meaningful conversation with a human and helping them accomplish tasks is one of the ultimate goals of Artificial Intelligence (AI), and has been since AI’s beginnings. Meanwhile, as real conversational
08 Apr 2022 • 
Tian Xie • 
#Converse




Page 1 of 3
Older Posts →






















Salesforce.com
Careers
In the Media
Github
 Contact
Privacy Information
Terms of Service
Legal
Responsible Disclosure
Trust
Cookie Preferences

 
          Your Privacy Choices
        












© Copyright 2023 Salesforce.com, inc. All rights reserved. Rights of ALBERT EINSTEIN are use with permission of The Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Represented exclusively by Greenlight.

















