










Blueprint
















































 






      Skip to content
    

































Menu
Close


Olive Oil
Protocol





Cart
Close



Your Cart is Empty



Free Shipping
30-Day Money Back Guarantee

Shop Now


















Build your Autonomous Self
Shop Olive Oil





Human opinion is entertaining, data is trustworthy.
Bryan Johnson, two years on Blueprint:


+ Slowed pace of aging by the equivalent of 31 years
+ Inflammation is 85% below average 18 year old
+ Cardiovascular capacity top 1.5% of 18 year olds
+ Total Bone Mineral Density top .2% of 30 year olds
+ Leg press single rep max: 800 lbs. Top 1-2% of 18 year olds
+ Bench press single rep max: 240 lbs. Top 10% of 18 year olds
+ 50+ optimal clinical outcome biomarkers
+ oxLDL levels in the top 3% (11ng/mL ref range 10-170)

Complete Protocol and Results ↗








Designed for Health & Longevity
Blueprint’s extra virgin olive oil is sourced specifically for health and longevity purposes; meeting the highest quality thresholds. It contains higher levels of polyphenolic compounds, natural minerals, and vitamins that improve cardiometabolic health.





Others
Blueprint



Polyphenol Levels (HPLC Method)









400+ mg/kg




Polyphenol Levels (NMR Method)









1000+ mg/kg




Oleic Acid









67%+




Peroxide Value









< 9 Meq/Kg




Free Fatty Acidity Levels (FFA)









< 0.3%




Freshness









Harvest every 6 months




Diacylglycerols (DAGS)









90%+




No Microplastics or Plastics









None




Use of Solvents & Refined Oils









None




Quality Preservation









UV Protected Glass Bottle




Taste Panel Verification









Ind. Tested




Quality Assessed









Ind. Tested




















Blueprint’s Premium Extra Virgin Olive Oil
Bryan Johnson is the most biologically measured person in history. As a professional rejuvenation athlete, premium extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) accounts for 15% of his daily caloric intake. 
Blueprint sources EVOO from both hemispheres to ensure freshness and abundant polyphenols, which studies show can potentially safeguard against various cancers, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and neurodegenerative conditions by reducing oxidized LDL. Blueprint EVOO has a robust flavor with a slight peppery taste and smooth mouthfeel.
What is the criteria that this EVOO meets? May 2023 harvest, Chile 523.4 mg/kg total biophenols (HPLC) 72.26% oleic acid 4.57 meq/kg peroxide 0.18% of oleic acid as free fatty acids (FFA) 92.1% diacylglycerols Sensory analysis defects 0/10 UV resistant glass bottle Independently tested
Each order includes 2 bottles.

SIZE: 26.4 oz / 750 ml per bottle



Free Shipping on all orders • 30-day Money Back Guarantee •





Add to Cart
$75.00 / 2 bottles

Max 2 per order per customer (4 bottles)





FAQ



What is Bryan Johnson’s EVOO protocol?
↓


+ 2 Tbsp per day
+ 8am: 1 Tbsp with Super Veggie
+ 11am: 1 Tbsp w final meal of the day

Full protocol > protocol.bryanjohnson.co




What are the health benefits of EVOO?
↓


EVOO is rich in polyphenols, which studies have shown can potentially protect against various ailments like cancers, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes.




How long does one bottle last?
↓


One bottle lasts 25 days (2 Tbsp daily for 30 days). We agree, slightly irritating it’s not a clean 30 days.




What is the recommended intake?
↓


2 Tbsp / 1 fl oz daily - may be taken at once or in separate doses.

- Drizzle over meals
- Take it straight
- Mix 1 Tbsp into daily coffee; hot or cold

For those new to high quality EVOO, we recommend starting with ½ tbsp to minimize stomach upset.




Where do you currently ship to?
↓


We ship in the 50 U.S. states excluding AK, HI and PR. We are eager to begin shipping internationally and are assessing first markets. Please subscribe to our email list to know first.




What is the shipping & return policy?
↓


We offer a full refund within 30 days of purchase. If you are not 100% satisfied, contact us at support@bryanjohnson.co and we’ll refund your purchase price.




Do you have the sensory panel results?
↓


Yes! The Taste Panel Assessment (on a scale of 1-10) is as follows: Fruitness 5.0, Bitterness 4.5, Pungency 4.0 resulting in 0.0 taste defects.




What is the best way to contact Blueprint?
↓


We are always available for questions or concerns at support@bryanjohnson.co




Is Blueprint EVOO organic?
↓


Blueprint EVOO comes from farmers in both hemispheres. While they are not certified organic, we conduct extensive analyses to ensure our finished products are free of pesticides (see data below).

Organic EVOO is not necessarily synonymous with quality. Our farms practice organic methods, however the certification process is costly and some of the non organic inputs are cost prohibitive to most producers. Most importantly, our Blueprint EVOO tested results replicate those of an organic option, with no detectable traces.

Multi residual analysis (Method 30-C) UNI EN 15662:2018)
Insecticides - not detected
Herbicides - not detected
Fungicides - not detected
Roundup - not detected (Method MI_CI4)

Metals testing
Arsenic - not detected (Method MI_C13)
Iron - not detected (Method 28-C)
Lead - not detected (Method 27-C)
Copper - not detected (Method 28-C)





Don't Die

In the 20th century, it was reasonable to make health choices that prioritized living fast and dying young. Radical health extension was only sci-fi. Not anymore. The speed of technological and scientific advance makes it impossible to predict how long and how well we can live.  Entrance into this future is the hottest ticket around. I started Blueprint as a science experiment to explore the future of being human. My journey and protocol is openly shared and accessible to all. Here is to being our best selves and stepping into this next era together. Bryan JohnsonBlueprint Protocol >



“The Most Measured Man in Human History” - Vice












































Be the next evolution of human


Subscribe


Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Refund Policy

© 2023 Blueprint



Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Opens in a new window.





