







Healthy Vegan Indian Food for Lunch, Take-out & Delivery | Bombay Sandwich Co. | Flatiron - Bold Flavors That Satisfy the Most Sophisticated Tastebuds.



















































Skip to content









































	                            		Healthy Vegan Indian Food for Lunch, Take-out & Delivery | Bombay Sandwich Co. | Flatiron	                            	
Bold Flavors That Satisfy the Most Sophisticated Tastebuds.





























	                            		Healthy Vegan Indian Food for Lunch, Take-out & Delivery | Bombay Sandwich Co. | Flatiron	                            	
Bold Flavors That Satisfy the Most Sophisticated Tastebuds.













Search for:






























						Vegan Pumpkin Pie					



Home 















26
Jul, 2023





  bombaysandwichco



 Vegan Food


 best vegan pumpkin pie, Best Vegetarian Restaurants, easy vegan pie, easy vegan pumpkin pie, pumpkin pie vegan, sub for evaporated milk in pumpkin pie, substitute for evaporated milk, substitute for evaporated milk in pumpkin pie, substitutions for evaporated milk in pumpkin pie, vegan brunch, vegan dessert, vegan dinner, vegan food, vegan lunch, vegan pie, vegan pie recipe, vegan pie recipes, vegan pies, vegan pumkin pie, vegan pumpkin, vegan pumpkin pie, vegan pumpkin pie recipe, Vegan Restaurants, Vegetarian Restaurants, what can i use instead of evaporated milk in pumpkin pie



Vegan Pumpkin Pie


Pumpkin Pie is a must-have dessert for the holiday season. The sweet, spiced pumpkin custard filling is classic and delicious in a homemade (or store bought) pie crust served with a dollop of Vegan Whipped Cream.
This https://bombaysandwichco.com/‘s recipe is ridiculously easy to make. All you have to do is blend the ingredients, pour, bake and enjoy!
How to make vegan pumpkin pie, step by step:

Add all pumpkin pie filling ingredients to a blender.
Blend until smooth.
Pour into pie crust lined pan.
Bake. Chill. Eat.

Special Tips & Substitutions:

Pie Crust: I used my Easy Vegan Pie Crust, which is the best option for a traditional, buttery pie crust. You may also use Gluten Free Pie Crust or a store bought vegan pie crust, I won’t judge!
Coconut cream: Use coconut cream if you can, it will give you the most consistent results. If you can’t find coconut cream, use full fat coconut milk from a can, and use as much of the white creamy part as you can. Do not substitute another milk, as the pie will be more pudding like than custard like in texture. Trust me, I’ve tested it.
Sugar: You may use coconut sugar instead of brown sugar if you want. For a less sweet filling, use half the amount called for. You may also use 1/2 cup of maple syrup if you’d like.
Cornstarch: May use tapioca starch or arrowroot if desired instead of cornstarch.

Make fun little pie crust leaves like I did! To make the pie crust leaves, make an extra pie crust. Roll it about 1/8th inch thick and cut into leaf shapes with mini-leaf cookie cutters. Bake on a pan for 10 minutes at 350 degrees F.

Vegan Pumpkin Pie
Ingredients

1 (15 ounce) can pumpkin puree
1 cup coconut cream*
1 cup brown sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon ginger
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/8 teaspoon cloves
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoons cornstarch
1 recipe Easy Vegan Pie Crust
Vegan Whipped Cream optional, for serving

Instructions



Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare a pie crust in a pie plate.


Add the canned pumpkin, coconut cream, brown sugar, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, cloves, salt and cornstarch to a blender and blend until very smooth. You may also simply whisk it together in a bowl until smooth.


Pour the mixture into a 9-inch pan lined with a pie crust. May use a vegan store bought vegan pie crust, my Easy Vegan Pie Crust, or this Gluten Free Pie Crust. I don’t pre-cook the pie crust. Spread the mixture evenly with a spatula.


Bake for 1 hour. If the crust starts to burn, cover the edges of the crust with aluminum foil or a pie shield after about 30 minutes of baking. The middle will still look jiggly; that’s normal. Let cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, then cover and transfer to the refrigerator to chill for at least 4 hours or overnight.


Slice and serve with Vegan Whipped Cream or store bought non-dairy whipped topping, if desired. Enjoy!


For the Pie Crust Leaves: These are totally optional for decoration. Make or buy an extra pie crust, and roll out the dough about 1/8th inch thick. Using leaf cookie cutters, cut into shapes. Place on a baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes at 350 degrees F.


Notes


I recommend my Easy Vegan Pie Crust recipe for best results, but you can use a store bought vegan pie crust (Whole Foods carries one I know of) OR Gluten Free Pie Crust for a lighter option.
Don’t substitute another milk for the full fat coconut cream or your pie filling won’t thicken up the same way. If you can’t find coconut cream, you can use cans of coconut milk but only use the rich, creamy, thick white part, not the liquid for best results. I tried it with another milk and it was more of a pudding than a custard pie.
May substitute coconut sugar for the brown sugar. If you don’t want the pie so sweet, use 1/2 the amount of sugar, OR use 1/2 cup maple syrup instead of the brown sugar.
You can use arrowroot or tapioca starch for the cornstarch if needed.
Store leftover pumpkin pie loosely covered in the refrigerator for 3-4 days. To freeze, let the whole pie completely cool. Then wrap it tightly in several layers of plastic wrap, then even a layer of foil to protect it from freezer burn.

Nutrition
Serving: 1serving | Calories: 270kcal | Carbohydrates: 41g | Protein: 2g | Fat: 12g | Saturated Fat: 3g | Sodium: 244mg | Potassium: 119mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 27g | Vitamin A: 19IU | Vitamin C: 1mg | Calcium: 34mg | Iron: 2mg






26
Jul, 2023





  bombaysandwichco



 Vegan Food


 Best Vegetarian Restaurants, garden of eden protein powder, garden of life protein, garden of life protein powder, garden of life protein powder controversy, garden of life protein powder reviews, garden of life protein powder sport, garden of life protein review, garden of life protein shake, garden of life raw organic protein review, garden of life review, garden of life reviews, garden of life sport organic plant-based protein, garden of life sport plant based protein, garden of life sport protein, garden of life sport protein powder, garden of life vegan protein powder, garden of life vitamins review, garden of life vitamins reviews, is garden of life a good brand, is garden of life protein powder good, vegan brunch, vegan dessert, vegan dinner, vegan food, vegan lunch, Vegan Restaurants, Vegetarian Restaurants



Garden of Life Protein Powder Review


The products featured in this article have been independently reviewed. When you buy something through the retail links on this page, we may earn commission at no cost to you, the reader. The Sports Illustrated editorial team is not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more here.
Garden of Life is a respected wellness and nutrition brand that offers a vast assortment of clean vitamins and supplements. While Garden of Life is known for its probiotics and multivitamins, protein powders are arguably one of its most popular offerings. That’s because Garden of Life sells 70 protein supplements, which range from plant-based protein powder to protein powder made out of grass-fed whey. There are even protein powders loaded with minerals and nutrients that double as meal replacements, and protein powders for different goals such as weight loss or muscle recovery. Not to mention, protein bars and protein powder for coffee.
While it can seem like Garden of Life protein powders are endless, there are a few standout products. Our Garden of Life protein powder review will cover the brand’s top-selling protein powders, its ingredients and what they work best for. We’ll https://bombaysandwichco.com/ also share everything you need to know about the Garden of Life brand to help you make an informed decision and determine which protein powder is best for your needs.
This content is meant to be informative, but should not be taken as medical advice. It is not intended for use as diagnosis, prevention or treatment of health problems. Always speak with your doctor before starting any new supplement or exercise regimen.
What Is Garden of Life?
Garden of Life is a nutrition brand that offers clean vitamins and supplements. As an affordable line and household staple for many, Garden of Life makes products for just about all age groups, health needs, diets and lifestyles. Founded in 2000, Garden of Life was created by author and wellness speaker Jordan Rubin, who was inspired by his recovery from chronic illness and wanted to help others take charge of their health in their own unique way.
Garden of Life products are derived from whole foods and include clean, traceable ingredients. All products, including protein powders, are free of synthetic ingredients, binders, fillers, artificial flavors and colorings. As of 2021, Garden of Life also became the first vitamin and supplement brand to be Certified Carbon Neutral, and promises a commitment to sustainable products and processes. Whether you’re looking for supplements for brain health, energy, mood and stress or immunity, Garden of Life sells products across 10 different health categories.
Within the Garden of Life brand are also sub-brands like Sport, Raw Probiotics, Vitamin Code and myKind Organics, the latter of which is fully certified organic and non-GMO verified by the Non-GMO Project. Each one of these lines tailors to a different need and lifestyle, and there are even Garden of Life protein powders under these various sub-brands (like Dr. Formulated). Here are the most popular Garden of Life protein powders and everything to know about them.

Garden of Life Protein Powder Bestsellers
Raw Organic Protein Powder Unflavored

Price: $50.99
Ingredients: Raw organic protein blend with organic pea protein, organic sprouted brown rice protein, organic amaranth sprout and more
Flavor: None, this protein powder is unflavored
Amount of protein per serving: 22 grams
Servings per container: 20

If you prefer an unflavored protein powder to mix into your protein shakes or cold liquids, check out Garden of Life Raw Organic Protein Powder. It comes flavor-free and uses an organic plant-based formula. This gluten-free and Non-GMO Project-verified protein blend includes a mix of organic superfoods like chia seed, sunflower seed, pumpkin seed and flax seed. It also incorporates a prebiotic fiber blend to help support a healthy gut, and is entirely free of added sugars. Plus, it has higher doses of Vitamin D (50 percent of your daily value), zinc (25 percent of your daily value) and Vitamin E (20 percent of your daily value) in each serving, which can be beneficial for vegetarian or vegan diets that can make it harder to get these essential nutrients through food.
Packing in 22 grams of plant protein per serving, this protein powder can easily be used to up your protein intake. It can work just as well for post-workout recovery and includes four grams of branched chain amino acids, or BCAAs, that can help promote muscle growth and increased muscle strength. In addition, this plant protein powder is nearly carbohydrate-free and includes less than one gram per serving, making it a great option for those following keto or paleo diets.
Raw Organic Fit Protein Powder Chocolate Cacao Powder



Price: $51.99
Ingredients: Raw organic protein blend, raw organic ashwagandha root, organic alfalfa sprout, raw probiotic and enzyme blend and more
Flavor: Chocolate, vanilla
Amount of protein per serving: 28 grams
Servings per container: 10

If weight loss is your goal, look no further than Garden of Life Raw Organic Fit Protein Chocolate Cacao Powder. This plant-based protein powder packs in a whopping 28 grams of protein per serving, making it effective for weight loss since protein intake is proven to help suppress hunger and promote a feeling of being full. It also includes an organic weight loss and stress management blend with raw organic decaffeinated green coffee bean extract and raw organic ashwagandha root, which studies prove to be effective for body weight management. Overall, this protein powder can help you achieve more lean body mass, and it comes in a tasty chocolate flavor that blends well into smoothies with almond milk (or other liquids) without a chalky texture. If chocolate isn’t for you, this protein powder also comes in vanilla flavor.
Most diets can work alongside Raw Organic Fit protein powder, since it’s vegan, gluten-free, certified USDA organic, and is dairy- and soy-free. It also has less than one gram of sugar and is full of essential amino acids that promote muscle synthesis and growth. While some plant proteins aren’t complete, meaning they don’t have the nine types of amino acids found in food that help your body function, this high protein powder uses a blend of numerous plant sources to help ensure that each serving provides you with complete protein.
SPORT Certified Grass Fed Whey Chocolate

Price: $59.99
Ingredients: Whey protein isolate, milk protein, organic cocoa, organic stevia extract and more
Flavor: Chocolate, vanilla
Amount of protein per serving: 24 grams
Servings per container: 20

Those using protein powder to support fitness goals like increasing muscle mass or lean body mass can benefit from Garden of Life SPORT Certified Grass Fed Whey Chocolate protein powder, which includes 24 grams of premium whey isolate and milk protein per serving. This whey protein powder has minimal ingredients and zero grams of sugar. Instead, it’s sweetened with organic stevia extract to help give it a pleasant chocolate taste that blends well with peanut butter or other nut butters (or, you can simply mix this supplement into cold water). In addition to providing 48 percent of the recommended daily value of protein, it also contains two billion CFU (or measurement units) per serving of probiotics that can help support healthy digestion.
Plus, those specifically seeking out the fitness benefits (as the Garden of Life Sport line is designated for) will be glad to know that this protein powder includes four grams of glutamine and glutamic acid, which can help enhance strength and muscle powder, while also preventing fatigue. Even more energy comes from 10 milligrams of naturally-occuring caffeine per serving that can slightly amp up your workout. However, if you’re sensitive to caffeine or need to watch your caffeine intake (such as during pregnancy), you may want to consider a different protein powder.
SPORT Organic Plant-Based Protein Vanilla

Price: $59.99
Ingredients: Organic performance protein blend with legumes like pea protein, navy bean and lentil bean, plus organic apple, turmeric and more
Flavor: Vanilla, chocolate
Amount of protein per serving: 30 grams
Servings per container: 19

Garden of Life’s plant-friendly version of the protein powder above is Sport Organic Plant-Based Protein Vanilla. It offers 30 grams of plant protein per serving and tastes delicious mixed into unsweetened or vanilla-flavored almond milk. With no sweeteners and plenty of vitamins per serving including calcium, iron, zinc and magnesium, this plant-based protein powder can help support active individuals following a vegetarian or vegan diet (iron can be especially tough to get on these diets, but this supplement has 40 percent of the recommended daily value). It also includes an organic recovery blend containing apple, tart cherry and turmeric, the latter of which has been proven to help decrease inflammation and promote muscle recovery.
In addition, this complete plant protein powder for fitness includes two billion CFU of probiotics, five grams of glutamine and glutamic acid, and nearly six grams of BCAAs. It’s also vegan, dairy-free, gluten-free and low in carbs, which makes it versatile for different dietary needs. Plus, it also has certifications from Informed Choice and NSF Certified Sport, which are global testing programs that monitor harmful substances in sport supplements (which this protein is free of).
Organic Creamy Protein with Oatmilk

Price: $44.99
Ingredients: Organic protein blend with quinoa, buckwheat and more, plus oat milk powder, coconut MCT oil powder and stevia leaf extract
Flavor: Vanilla cookie, chocolate brownie
Amount of protein per serving: 20 grams
Servings per container: 20

If you’re a fan of oat milk and/or cookies, Garden of Life Organic Creamy Protein with Oatmilk combines the best of both worlds. This plant-based and certified vegan protein powder includes a sprouted organic protein blend that contains quinoa, buckwheat, millet, chia and more, plus an organic plant milk blend with its star ingredient, oat milk powder and coconut milk powder. In addition, this protein powder features a prebiotic and probiotic blend for gut health support.
Packing in 20 grams of complete plant protein per serving, this protein powder has a creamy vanilla cookie flavor that goes beyond traditional vanilla, offering a new take on the classic flavor. It’s also higher in dietary fiber, which can help keep you full, while remaining low in sugar at less than one gram per serving. This protein powder is higher in saturated fat, however, so if you eat a lower fat diet for personal or health reasons, you may want to consider a different product; each serving includes 13 percent of the recommended daily value of saturated fat.
Raw Organic Meal Shake & Meal Replacement Vanilla Powder

Price: $36.99
Ingredients: Organic sprouted protein blend with pea and brown rice protein, plus organic fiber blend with tapioca fiber, chia seed and flax meal
Flavor: Vanilla, spiced chai, chocolate, lightly sweet
Amount of protein per serving: 20 grams
Servings per container: 14

Meal replacements can help you get a full “plate” of nutrients if you don’t have time to cook or eat a whole food meal. Garden of Life Raw Organic Meal Shake & Meal Replacement Vanilla Powder doubles as both a protein powder and a meal replacement loaded with 44 superfoods. From organic tomato to organic green bell pepper, to even organic kale and organic asparagus, this protein blend provides essential nutrients that are otherwise found in food. Each serving of this vanilla-flavored plant protein powder includes 20 grams of protein, plus a whopping 380 percent of the recommended daily value of Vitamin B12, which supports nerve and cell function, and 140 percent of the recommended daily value of biotin, which also helps with cell function and can help promote strong hair and nails. In addition, it has a probiotic and enzyme blend.
While this meal replacement protein powder works great for busy individuals on the go who need not only a filling shake, but a boost of nutrients, it may not be the best fit for those simply looking to up their protein intake who already get a lot of these nutrients through food (that’s because getting too many vitamins can make you feel sick or cause unpleasant side effects).
Other Garden of Life Protein Powder
In addition to the protein powders included in our list, Garden of Life produces 70 protein supplements that range in flavor, protein source and ingredients.
What to Consider Before Making a Purchase
To determine which Garden of Life protein powder might be best for you, there are a few factors to consider in advance. Here’s what you should think about before making a purchase.
Price
As is the case with almost all buys, price is a major driving factor in deciding which product is right for you. While Garden of Life is a more affordable brand, some types of protein powder, like the Sport line, tend to be more expensive than others. Plus, if you’re using protein powder daily, you’ll probably go through a container quickly – which can easily drive up costs. Determine your monthly budget for protein powder, then carefully check your budget against how many servings are in a container.
Protein source
Protein source matters, especially if you follow a specific diet or simply prefer one type of protein over the other for health or fitness reasons. Those eating vegetarian or vegan, or who are sensitive to dairy, should steer towards a plant-based protein powder. Luckily, Garden of Life offers plant protein powders with a variety of protein blends, so you aren’t stuck with only one option. If you prefer an animal-sourced protein, the whey protein powders will likely be a better choice for you. Still, at the end of the day, some people simply prefer the taste and texture of plant versus whey protein, or vice-versa.
Goals
Whatever your reason for consuming protein powder might be, whether that’s to lose weight, build muscle or simply increase your protein intake, Garden of Life designs products that meet a variety of goals. Consider your reason for using protein powder and consult our guide or the brand’s website to find a protein powder that’s right for you (those on a weight loss journey, for example, can benefit from Garden of Life protein powder like Raw Organic Fit).
Ingredients
All Garden of Life products are clean, and most, but not all, of the protein powders are organic. While you’ll see some similar ingredients across many of the supplements, each protein powder is unique in what’s included. If you have any food allergies, be sure to carefully skim ingredients lists for potential culprits, and if you already get a lot of nutrients through food, carefully check the vitamin and mineral content as well. Some protein powders are fortified with high levels of vitamins, so it’s important not to accidentally overdo your intake (which can lead to side effects).
What Customers Have to Say about Garden of Life
Garden of Life protein powder tends to get mostly positive reviews, with the plant-protein powders in particular receiving the highest ratings. Buyers of SPORT Organic Plant-Based Protein in the vanilla flavor, for example, praise the smooth texture and easy digestion. Garden of Life website reviewer Greg writes, “The texture is smooth unlike other brands,” while a second website reviewer Alexis says, “I’ve had a hard time finding a protein powder that doesn’t disrupt my digestion, and this one does the trick perfectly.” Meanwhile, Ave, an Amazon reviewer of Organic Creamy Vanilla Protein with Oatmilk, says that this protein powder “had really good flavor,” but was “a little hard to stir and took a while to get rid of the lumps.” She also notes that the protein powder was “a little thick” and likens it to an eggnog consistency.
FAQs
Is Garden of Life protein powder plant-based?
Many Garden of Life protein powders are plant-based, although the brand offers numerous whey protein powders as well. These plant protein powders include a variety of protein blends that pull protein from different plant sources, like organic pea and brown rice.
Is Garden of Life protein powder good for weight gain?
Garden of Life isn’t the best brand to consider for protein powder that promotes weight gain, since all protein powders are relatively lower in calories and fat (with the exception of the keto products). To gain weight with protein powder, you’ll want to consider a mass gainer, which can pack in hundreds of calories per serving and higher fat and protein content to support weight gain.
Where is Garden of Life protein powder made?
Garden of Life protein powder is produced in Palm Beach Gardens, FL, where the brand is currently headquartered.
Is Garden of Life a complete protein powder?
Garden of Life offers complete protein powders, regardless of protein source. Whey protein is automatically a complete protein, while plant-based protein powders include protein blends that use different plant sources to make them complete.
Final Thoughts
Garden of Life is a leading brand in the nutrition world, and its protein powders are staples across many households. With 70 products to choose from, it’s no wonder that Garden of Life protein powder is so popular – and there are protein supplements that meet a variety of health and fitness goals, like weight loss, muscle gain and meal replacement. If you’re considering a Garden of Life protein powder, be sure to consult our list of bestsellers to learn more about its prices, health benefits, ingredients, protein source and flavor options.





24
Jul, 2023





  bombaysandwichco



 Vegan Food


 best vegan queso, Best Vegetarian Restaurants, cashew queso, dairy free queso, queso vegetarian, vegan brunch, vegan cashew queso, vegan cheese dip, vegan dessert, vegan dinner, vegan food, vegan lunch, vegan queso, vegan queso cheese, vegan queso dip, vegan queso recipe, Vegan Restaurants, vegan wueso, Vegetarian Restaurants



5-Minute Vegan Cashew Queso


Need vegan queso and need it fast? Look no further! This recipe requires just 7 ingredients, 5 minutes, and 1 blender. Let’s do this!
This recipe was born out of pure necessity. Some friends were over one night and we ordered Mexican food and I needed some queso STAT. So, I figured blending up some cashews with hot water would work. Guess what? It totally did.
Typically I like to soak my cashews before blending, but in a pinch this little trick totally works! Because sometimes you just need queso and you need it right now — you feel me?
Origins of Queso
Queso, also called chile con queso, is a melty, cheesy dip that’s typically served alongside tortilla chips. It’s believed to have originated in Texas in the early 1900s (source).
Though you may find chile con queso at some Mexican restaurants in the US, it’s much different than the authentic Mexican queso (called queso fundido) that likely inspired it. While queso fundido is typically made with soft white cheeses, chile con queso is usually made with more processed American cheeses. You can learn more about the history and differences in this website https://bombaysandwichco.com/.
Our version is not traditional, but is inspired by the creaminess and heat of chile con queso and also influenced by North African flavor with the addition of harissa paste.

How to Make Vegan Queso
This queso is comprised of raw cashews, nutritional yeast, garlic, spices, water, and a little hot sauce or harissa paste blended to creamy perfection. That’s it!
You can make it spicier, cheesier, or more garlicky to taste — the options are endless.
We hope you love our new quick, go-to queso! It’s:

Fast
Creamy
Cheesy
Smoky and spicy
& Incredibly delicious

This would make the perfect dip for Mexican night and beyond. Lately I’ve been keeping a jar around for adding to Cauliflower Rice Burrito Bowls, or just to dip with corn chips. Swoon.
5-Minute Vegan Cashew Queso
Creamy vegan queso ready in just 5 minutes! Cheesy, quick and easy to make, and perfect for serving with nachos, burrito bowls, tacos, and more!



Servings (1/4-cup servings)

Course Dip, Side



Cuisine Gluten-Free, Mexican-Inspired, Vegan



Freezer Friendly 1 month



Does it keep? 1 Week






Ingredients
US Customary – Metric

































3/4 – 1 cup hot water
1 cup raw cashews
1 clove garlic, chopped
2 Tbsp nutritional yeast
1/2 tsp ground cumin
1 tsp chili powder
1/2 tsp salt, plus more to taste
1 Tbsp harissa (or sub hot salsa, hot sauce, Ro-Tel, or 1 chipotle pepper in adobo sauce // plus more for garnish)




Instructions


Add all ingredients to a blender (starting with the lesser amount of water) and blend until creamy, adding more water as needed to blend until creamy and smooth. We recommend a small blender (we prefer the NutriBullet), or a high-speed blender. Add just enough water to achieve a creamy, pourable queso. If it gets too thin, thicken with additional raw cashews.































Taste and adjust flavor as needed, adding more nutritional yeast for cheesiness, salt to taste, cumin for smokiness, chili powder or harissa for heat, or garlic for zing. It should be quite flavorful, so don’t be shy.
Serve with chips or add to things like tacos, nachos, burritos, and more! Garnish with additional harissa or a spoonful of fresh salsa or hot sauce for serving (optional).
Store leftovers covered in the refrigerator up to 5-7 days, or in the freezer up to 1 month. To thaw from frozen, set in refrigerator for 24-48 hours. Reheat in microwave or in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Add more water as needed if it thickens when reheating.



Notes




*Nutrition information is a rough estimate for 1 (1/4-cup) serving calculated without additional garnish, chips for dipping, or other sides.

Nutrition (1 of 6 servings)

Serving: 1 (1/4-cup serving)
Calories: 133
Carbohydrates: 8 g
Protein: 5 gFat: 9 g
Saturated Fat: 1 g
Cholesterol: 0 mg
Sodium: 237 mg
Potassium: 209 mg
Fiber: 1 gSugar: 1 g
Vitamin A: 150 IU
Vitamin C: 0.6 mg
Calcium: 8 mg
Iron: 1.8 mg







24
Jul, 2023





  bombaysandwichco



 Vegan Food


 best plant based protein bar, best plant based protein bars, best vegan protein bars, Best Vegetarian Restaurants, pea protein bars, plant based protein bars, vegan bars, vegan brunch, vegan dessert, vegan dinner, vegan food, vegan lunch, vegan protein bar, vegan protein bars, Vegan Restaurants, Vegetarian Restaurants



The 12 Best Vegan Protein Bars


Whether you need post-pickleball game fuel or a hearty on-the-go snack, these vegan protein bars fit the bill.
Check out https://bombaysandwichco.com/ our list of the 12 best vegan protein bars to easily amp up your protein intake!
GoMacro
GoMacro’s sustainable bars are all the rage, and here’s why. They are larger and heartier than your average vegan protein bar, available in the most delectable flavors, and sustainably made! Our top pick for protein intake? The Protein Decadence MacroBar, which boasts a rich, chocolaty flavor with pockets of crunchy almond pieces.
POSSIBLE
Power through your day with a POSSIBLE Meal Bar! A strategic combination of organic, vegan, and gluten-free ingredients make up these delicious snacks. Each serving contains 20g of protein and provides a good source of magnesium and healthy fats.
Clif Builders
Meet the classic Clif Bar’s protein-packed sibling, Builders Protein! So the next time you hit the gym or your fancy new WFH desk treadmill, rip open one of these bars to help rebuild and repair your muscles with 20g of clean plant protein.
No Cow
Let us put you onto No Cow’s Protein Bars and Dipped Protein Bars! These snackable sweets come in a variety of droolworthy flavors—with stellar nutrition facts. They’re low in fat and sugar (just 1g) and high in fiber and protein. What more could you wish for?
Real Food Bar
Real Food Bar makes their vegan protein bars from—well, real food! Specifically, pea protein, coconut oil, nut butter, and even hidden veggies like kale and cauliflower. The current flavor lineup includes Cherry Cashew, Peanut Butter, Peanut Butter Chip, Chocolate Sea Salt, and Espresso Chip.

IQ Bar
Just because something is vegan, doesn’t mean it’s loaded with carbs! Exhibit A: IQ Bar’s vegan keto protein bars. With a wicked portfolio of flavors like Matcha Chai, Lemon Blueberry, and Chocolate Sea Salt, IG Bar makes something for everyone! Can’t decide? Order the 7 Bar Sampler to try all of the flavors.
Misfits
Misfits’ chocolate-covered plant-based bars are the ultimate protein-enhanced dessert dupe. We’re talking about flavors like Choc S’mores, Cookie Dough, Cookie Butter, White Choc Caramel, Strawberries & Cream, and more! But don’t let these rich flavors throw you off, each vegan, gluten-free bar offers 15g of protein and just 1g of sugar!
Lupii
Have you tried lupini beans before? These sustainable legumes offer three times the protein of eggs, three times the fiber of oats, and all nine amino acids. Lupii uses this powerful ingredient as a base for their vegan protein bars. So, why not order a box to give ‘em a try?
R.E.D.D.
What’s tasty, nutritious, and R.E.D.D. all over? Why, R.E.D.D.’s vegan protein bars, of course! In addition to fiber and protein, these energy-inducing snacks feature an adaptogenic mushroom blend, prebiotics, and probiotics.
Why Bars
This Michigan-based vegan food brand produces its protein bars in small batches using organic, vegan, and gluten-free ingredients. Whether you’re a fruity or chocolaty person, Why Bars stocks a flavor for you—from Zesty Lemon to Super Cacao!

Barebells
Vegan-Friendly
You may have seen these eye-catching bars at Trader Joe’s—and let us just say, they taste even better than they look! Barebells’ vegan Salty Peanut and Hazelnut Nougat Plant-Based Protein Bars come in at 15g of protein, 1g of sugar, and 220 calories a pop. Best of all, they taste like candy bars!
Picky Bars
Vegan-Friendly
Picky Bars’ new Nut Butter Bars are just what you need to take your post-workout snacking to the next level. Created by athletes, for athletes, these bars are loaded with clean ingredients that will make you feel like a gold medalist.





22
Jul, 2023





  bombaysandwichco



 Vegan Food


 best vegan brunch, Best Vegetarian Restaurants, brunch vegan, brunch with vegan options, vegan brunch, vegan brunch food, vegan brunch ideas, vegan brunch recipes, vegan dessert, vegan dinner, vegan food, vegan lunch, Vegan Restaurants, vegetarian brunch recipes, Vegetarian Restaurants



Best Vegan Brunch Recipes


Are you looking for inspiration for your next vegan brunch? Get inspiration from these wholesome vegan brunch recipes that are easy to make, comforting, and incredibly tasty.
We’ve listed more than 25 of our best brunch recipes that help you get ready for the ultimate Sunday brunch at home! Browse through https://bombaysandwichco.com/ this list, and take your pick: from frittata muffins, and homemade spreads, to fluffy pancakes – all vegetarian and vegan-friendly. Hopefully, you will get as excited about brunch as we are!
1. Vegan Crepes
Vegan crepes are thin, light, and every bit as delicious as regular french crepes. Fill them with homemade Nutella for the perfect breakfast or brunch.
2. Vegan Banana Bread
One-bowl, one-fork, 7-ingredient vegan banana bread. We developed this recipe so that you can make the best, easiest vegan banana bread any time you feel like it, without needing complicated vegan ingredients.

3. Vegan French Toast
Vegan french toast is one of the best weekend breakfasts ever. This recipe makes a perfectly thick french toast that is crispy on the outside, and silky on the inside. Best of all? You can make this recipe in just 15 minutes!

4. Vegan frittata
Would you believe me if I told you that this eggless vegan frittata, made in 15 minutes with chickpea flour, is just as good as a traditional frittata? This vegan frittata is crisp on the outside, soft and moist on the inside, and for some reason, it feels like eating a regular egg frittata.

5. Homemade granola
This homemade granola is a wholesome and crunchy recipe made with a few simple whole food plant-based ingredients. It is the perfect make-ahead breakfast and brunch idea to eat with plant-based yogurt and fresh fruit.



6. Chickpea Muffins
They are very similar to vegan mini quiches, and made with chickpea flour – so you can customize them with any vegetables of your choice. A colorful and tasty addition to a vegan brunch buffet!

7. Vegan oatmeal pancakes
These vegan oatmeal pancakes with apples are a simple and healthy oatmeal pancake recipe without eggs and without milk, perfect to enjoy with a glass of orange juice on a Sunday morning. They are light, moist, nutritious, sweet, and full of apple flour.

8. Vegan egg salad
If you are looking for a great, quick, and fulfilling vegan brunch or snack idea, you need to try this vegan egg salad. Made with tofu, vegan mayo, and herbs, it’s great on a sandwich or on top of slices of cucumber.

9. Muffins with oat flour
A healthy and tasty brunch option that is also ideal as a snack. They are easy to make and contain plenty of dietary fiber and natural sugar that will give you a slow release of energy and keep you full longer.

10. Tomato confit
Tomatoes made this way can elevate any kind of meal; as a juicy side dish, a starter served with toasted bread, or as a topping on a serving of tofu scramble.

11. Easy oat cookies with raisins
Oat cookies with raisins are a great make-ahead recipe for those weeks when you need a quick-to-go breakfast or a healthy snack.

12. Vegan pancakes
Soft, tall, fluffy, and easy to make, these vegan pancakes are the best pancakes you’ll ever have. After many rounds of testing, we are happy to share our tips to make the best homemade vegan pancakes ever.

13. Vegan tuna
Vegan tuna is a quick and easy recipe made with mashed chickpeas. It’s the perfect replacement for tuna in a sandwich or served on cucumber or in cherry tomatoes as a savory brunch dish.

14. Tofu scramble
Tofu scramble is the perfect breakfast and brunch recipe. Its texture is soft and creamy, just like really good scrambled eggs.

15. Healthy Granola bars with peanut butter
You can make them in just over half an hour, without cooking or baking, and have them ready for a quick on-the-go breakfast, or as a healthy snack.

17. 7-ingredient vegan apple cake
You won’t believe how soft, moist and easy this cake is. We love it so much that we even made a whole-wheat one and one filled with our mouthwatering vegan custard. Want a muffin version – make these 30-minute apple muffins instead.

18. Savory chickpea crepes
Chickpea crepes are the vegan version of savory French pancakes. They are truly delicious and easy to make (especially with this easy bechamel sauce) – perfect when you feel like eating something different.

19. Tomato bruschetta
Tomato bruschetta is crunchy, juicy, garlicky and perfect as an appetizer, dinner, or even for brunch. The recipe is simple, and you can make it in 10 minutes with a few ingredients.

20. Cinnamon rolls
Our vegan cinnamon rolls are easy to make, lightly toasted on the outside, soft and moist on the inside, and with a tad of caramelized sugar underneath.


21. Zucchini muffins
Light, airy, and with walnuts, these zucchini muffins will lighten up your morning (or dessert). You can even use the dough for vegan zucchini bread instead.
22. Chocolate glazed donuts
These chocolate donuts are rich, elegant, and perfectly chocolatey. They whip up in 5 minutes and bake in 20, so you’ll have a quick and luxurious breakfast ready in no time!

23. Blueberry muffins
Perfect as snack, dessert, and vegan brunch idea! These vegan blueberry muffins are soft, light, moist, and packed with juicy blueberries. They are easy to make with only 8 simple ingredients, and you can whip them up in 5 minutes.
24. Sweet potato salad
This sweet potato salad is a great addition to a Sunday brunch with friends and family! Oven-roasted or air-fried sweet potato salad with ripe avocado, arugula, creamy mustard dressing, and a tiny bit of vegan feta cheese is a delicious, colorful, and nutritious meal.
25. Eggplant pizza
Eggplant pizza is so much fun and great for a family brunch! First, make the “pizza crust” with roasted eggplant slices, add some tomato sauce or marinara sauce, a pinch of melty cheese of any kind, and bake until it melts.
26. Crispy kale chips
These crispy and tasty kale chips are great as an appetizer, brunch idea, and healthy snack idea. They make a colorful, light, and fun addition to a wholesome dinner or a Sunday morning with friends.
27. Banana nut bread
Learn how to make banana nut bread with 8 simple pantry staples in one bowl and with one fork. It only takes 10 minutes to whip up and about 45 minutes to cook. For us, there’s no better make-ahead breakfast and brunch-worthy sweet bread!
28. Sweet potato muffins
Sweet potato muffins are delicate, moist, and with a pleasantly sweet and earthy flavor from the sweet potatoes. Eat them for breakfast, brunch, or as a sweet treat after a meal.
29. Homemade donuts with proofed dough
This donut recipe is easy, made with very simple ingredients, and you can either deep-fry or oven-bake the donuts.
30. Tomato salad
Juicy, colorful, and great as a healthy addition to a brunch table. This tomato b is inspired by Italian salad traditions, with a creamy lemon vinaigrette and fresh basil leaves.
HOW TO MAKE BRUNCH RECIPES WITHOUT EGGS?
Here are some of our favorite ingredients that help replace eggs in a vegan brunch:

Chickpea flour: also known as garbanzo bean flour. It’s a gluten-free flour made from ground chickpea and it is a great egg replacement. We use chickpea flour in our vegan frittata, chickpea muffins, and chickpea crepes.
Kala Namak: (Black Salt) this is the secret ingredient to many of our “eggy” recipes, such as tofu scramble and vegan egg salad. It’s optional, but if you are trying to substitute eggs and you like an eggy taste, we strongly recommend it.
Cornstarch: in cakes and some sweet preparations, cornstarch can be used as a thickening agent instead of eggs. Often combined with a tiny bit of turmeric for color, and plant milk – such as soy, almond, or coconut – to replace dairy milk. It serves as a good egg substitute in our vegan custard and vegan french toast.


























0 of 53 secondsVolume 0%








































































































2. Vegan Banana Bread
One-bowl, one-fork, 7-ingredient vegan banana bread. We developed this recipe so that you can make the best, easiest vegan banana bread any time you feel like it, without needing complicated vegan ingredients.2. Vegan Banana Bread
One-bowl, one-fork, 7-ingredient vegan banana bread. We developed this recipe so that you can make the best, easiest vegan banana bread any time you feel like it, without needing complicated vegan ingredients.2. Vegan Banana Bread
One-bowl, one-fork, 7-ingredient vegan banana bread. We developed this recipe so that you can make the best, easiest vegan banana bread any time you feel like it, without needing complicated vegan ingredients.




21
Jul, 2023





  bombaysandwichco



 Vegan Food


 bean sprouts, beetroots, best dish in vegetarian, best veg dish in the world, best veg foods, best vegetarian dish, best vegetarian dishes, best vegetarian food in the world, Best Vegetarian Restaurants, black lentils, breakfast, brined pickles, carrots, chilies, chopped onions, chutneys, crushed basil, curried peas, daily staple, delicious, dosa, dragon fruit, dumplings, fav dish veg, favorite vegetables, fermented rice batter, find vegetarian recipes, fish sauce, food veggie, garlic, good dishes, guava, lentil soup, lime juice, lunch, most popular vegetables, mushrooms, name a popular vegetable, olive oil, parmesan cheese, peanuts, pesto, popular vegetable, popular vegetables, potatoes, rose apple, salt, sambar, sauces, sauerkraut, seafood, slightly salted, snack, soft, soy sauce, soybean paste broth, sweet lovers, Tam Ponlamai, Thai fruit salad, Tofu, top 10 most popular vegetarian dishes, top 10 vegetarian dishes, Trofie, various sauces, veg dishes name, vegan brunch, vegan dessert, vegan dinner, vegan food, vegan lunch, Vegan Restaurants, veganism, vegetable momos, vegetarian dish, vegetarian dishes, vegetarian food, vegetarian meals, Vegetarian Restaurants, vegetarian traveler, vegetarianism, veggie dishes, watermelon, what is the most famous vegetarian dish, what is the most famous vegetarian dish?



The 10 Best Vegetarian Dishes In the World


I’m sharing the 10 best vegetarian dishes in the world on this page.
If you are a vegetarian traveler like me, you surely understand it is so difficult to find good places or good dishes to eat around the world. The world can offer you endless meat and fish dishes, but for vegetarians, the options are so few. So what should we do? Forget about visiting the most amazing places in the world? No, you just need to go through this https://bombaysandwichco.com/‘s list of some of the most amazing vegetarian dishes available through the world that will make your plate look colorful and your tummy happy.

1. Youtiao – China
Chinese people love meat and the concept of vegetarianism or veganism is something they never will understand. However, it is a diverse country as far as food is concerned and you get almost everything here – oily, stodgy, spicy or healthy. According to me the best vegetarian dish you can find in China, something the non-vegetarians will also love is youtiao. These are basically deep fried breadsticks generally eaten for breakfast or as a snack. They are soft, slightly salted, and delicious and are served as an accompaniment for soy milk or rice congee. Sweet lovers can dip their youtiao in peanut butter or chocolate sauce and enjoy the amazing taste.
2. Bolon de Verde – Ecuador
Vegetarians prefer not to visit South America as they feel all they offer are meat-based food. Meat, however, can be luxury there, and there are many dishes that are vegetarian, particularly in Ecuador where the popular ceviche is available with many vegetarian options. If you need something more filling then you can try Bolon de Verde which is a big ball of fried plantain filled with fresh cheese. People generally eat it for breakfast but it is enough to not make you feel hungry until lunch.
3. Tartiflette au Reblochon – France
French people are attractive and so are their dishes, the vegetarian menu as well. Amongst these, the one I love the most is Tartiflette au Reblochon. It is a very simple preparation made with potatoes, onions, reblochon cheese, spices, and white wine. You will find it commonly prepared in most French restaurants. Some people, however, add bacon or ham to the dish, so make sure you verify this before placing your order.
4. Gado Gado – Indonesia
Gado Gado is one of the most popular vegetarian dishes in Indonesia as you can have it made as spicy as you want and it will still taste great, and also because you can find it easily almost anywhere. It is basically a combination of potatoes, lontong cubes (Lontong is a dish made of compressed rice cake in the form of a cylinder wrapped inside a banana leaf), tofu, hard-boiled egg, green beans, and carrots topped with delicious peanut sauce. On top of it is served krupuk which is fried crispy crackers and tastes great when you munch it in between the Gado Gado bites.
5. Masala Dosa – India
India is one of the most amazing places in the world for vegetarians. Here you do not need to struggle to find the right dish. Every city in India offers great choices of vegetarian dishes, and you will go tired trying out the variety, but the choices never exhaust. However, masala dosa is amongst my favorite dishes in India. It is a South Indian specialty and is quite like a crepe but is made of black lentils and fermented rice batter. Curried peas and potatoes lie hidden inside the dosa, and it is served with various dips – chutneys (coconut and tomato are the popular ones) and sambar (a lentil stew that you can use as a dip or even spoon it into your mouth).
6. Pesto Trofie – Italy
Italy is known everywhere in the world for its pasta, and also the various sauces that come with it. Though there are many non-vegetarian popular sauces, pesto, originating from Northern Italy, is a treat for the vegetarians. It is made using crushed basil, salt, parmesan cheese and garlic and then a generous amount of olive oil is added to mix it with the pasta. The best thing about Italy is that it offers you so many different types of pasta, with Trofie being my favorite. A long strip of pasta is rolled and the string is then cut into small pieces, and this is how my favorite Trofie is made.
7. Doenjang Jjigae – South Korea
This is one of the most popular Korean national vegetarian dishes. Jjigae is a term used for stews and though it is brothy in nature it is still considered a stew. It is basically a soybean paste broth ideal for winters and is light and yummy. Mushrooms, bean sprouts, and tofu are added to the broth to give it body, and at times seafood may be added, so make sure to find that out before placing your order.
8. Vegetable momos and Dal Bhat – Nepal
If you have ever visited Nepal and have not tried eating Dal Bhat, then you have missed something. Dal is a yellow lentil soup and Bhat is boiled rice and this is the Nepal population’s daily staple. It is also commonly found eaten in Bangladesh and India. It is very filling and extremely delicious. You should also try some vegetable momos (dumplings). These dumplings are made fresh from the scratch every day and taste amazing. You surely never have even imagined that you can eat something so great that too at such inexpensive rates.
9. Vegetarian Tam Ponlamai – Thailand
Thailand can be a little tricky when you try searching for vegetarian dishes as most of the food here is cooked in fish sauce. So, it will be best to stick to a vegetarian only restaurant. One of their vegetarian dishes that I immediately fell in love with is a Thai fruit salad or Tam Ponlamai. This is a combination of fruits, usually rose apple, guava, watermelon, and dragon fruit is diced up and then dressed in lime juice, chilies, soy sauce, and peanuts. It is so delicious and so refreshing that words alone cannot describe.
10. Vinegret – Ukraine
Vinegret is a delicious salad made of potatoes, beetroots, chopped onions, carrots, brined pickles, and sauerkraut. It is very famous in the Soviet Union and now it is a well-known dish in the entire eastern European countries. It is the cheapest salad you can find on the menu, and thus is a great and delicious option for every budget vegetarian traveler.
So, the fact is vegetarians too have quite a few delicious options waiting for them all around the world, to suit every budget and to match every taste. So you can travel around the world in vegetarian dishes. There is absolutely nothing you need to worry about. Even if you plan to visit any other place, not mentioned in this list, a little bit of research will definitely help you find at least a few vegetarian dishes you can enjoy eating during your stay.




21
Jul, 2023





  bombaysandwichco



 Vegan Food


 10 importance of vegetables, 5 benefits of vegetables, 5 vegetables, according to myplate, benefits of eating vegetables, benefits of vegetables, Best Vegetarian Restaurants, fruit, fruits, fruits and vegetables, importance of vegetables, vegan brunch, vegan dessert, vegan dinner, vegan food, vegan lunch, Vegan Restaurants, vegetable, vegetable benefits, vegetables, vegetables are good for health, vegetables benefits, Vegetarian Restaurants, veggies, vitamins in vegetables, you should eat approximately two and a half cups of vegetables per day.



Top 10 Reasons to Eat More Fruits and Vegetables


No matter where you look, the food we consume is getting farther away from nature. Grocery store shelves are filled with processed foods with preservatives and additives that are hard to pronounce. When we’re not buying food at the store, it’s a cheeseburger and fries for dinner.
When you think about the effect this type of diet can have on your health, it’s troubling. It’s of little wonder the rates of obesity, heart disease, diabetes and other metabolic diseases have increased steadily over the last few years.

To avoid being part of these statistics, you can start bringing your diet more in line with nature, and that means eating more fruits and vegetables. Here https://bombaysandwichco.com/ are the top 10 reasons that’s a great idea!

Fruits and vegetables are a great source of vitamins and minerals. You won’t find a better nutritional source than fruits and veggies, which are packed with vitamins A, C and E, as well as magnesium, zinc, phosphorous and folic acid. For potassium, one of the most important minerals for your health, eat plenty of avocados, sweet potatoes, bananas, prunes and even tomato paste puree.
You get to enjoy a variety of flavors and textures. With all their unique and interesting flavors, plant-based foods let you get creative in the kitchen.  You can try strong flavors like onions, olives and peppers, or milder options such as mushrooms and corn. For sweet flavors, fruits like pineapple, grapes or plums are great, while lemons and grapefruits are more sour.
Lots and lots of fiber. Most fruits and vegetables have plenty of fiber to fill you up and boost gut health, but some have more than others. Fiber-rich vegetables include artichokes, green peas, broccoli and cauliflower. High-fiber fruits include raspberries, pears, apples and pumpkin.
They’re low-calorie and low-fat. On average, fruits and especially vegetables are very low in calories and fat, which means you can eat more to keep you feeling full without worrying about extra calories or fat. You can save more than  200 calories by eating half a cup of grapes versus a fourth of a cup of  M&Ms. That said, there are exceptions, such as avocados, olives and coconuts.
Protect against cancer and other diseases. Many vegetables and fruits contain phytochemicals, which are biologically active substances that can help protect against some diseases. That means you can lower your risk of type 2 diabetes, stroke, heart disease, high blood pressure and cancer by adding them into your diet. Specifically cruciferous veggies, such as broccoli, cabbage, collards and watercress, have been linked to reducing cancer risks.
Fruits and vegetables help you maintain good health. Because they’re low in saturated fat, salt and sugar, fruits and vegetables are part of a well-balanced diet that can help you lose weight or prevent weight gain. Plus, they can help you decrease inflammation, and lower cholesterol levels and blood pressure.
Low in sodium and cholesterol. Fresh fruits and veggies contain only trace amounts of sodium. Many people think that celery is high in sodium, but in fact, one stalk contains a mere 30mg, which contributes 1 percent to the recommended daily value. Cholesterol doesn’t exist in fruits and veggies at all.
Fresh, frozen, canned, dried – they’re ALL nutritious. While eating fresh fruits and vegetables may be your preference, there’s not much difference from a nutrition standpoint when you compare frozen, canned or dehydrated products. In fact, most frozen and canned products are processed within hours of harvest, so the nutritional value is locked in quickly.
Convenient, quick and easy. Unlike granola bars or crackers, many fruits and vegetables don’t need any packaging. So you can easily grab a banana or an apple as you’re heading out the door.
Finally… Smoothies! If you have a blender, all you need is fruit and ice to whip up a delicious smoothie using all of your favorite flavors. And here’s a tip – when you make a fruit smoothie, feel free to throw in as much fresh spinach as you like. Spinach doesn’t start to taste like “spinach” until you cook it. Even kids can’t tell the difference!

Enjoying fruits and vegetables is a great way to improve your health and actually enjoy what you eat. While it may take a little creativity, effort and an open mind to try new things, switching to a diet with more fruits and veggies is definitely worth it!




20
Jul, 2023





  bombaysandwichco



 Vegan Food


 animal rennet in cheese, best dairy free parmesan cheese, best vegan parmesan, best vegan parmesan cheese, Best Vegetarian Restaurants, cheese animal rennet, dairy free parmesan cheese, European cheeses, is parmesan cheese vegetarian, is parmesan vegetarian, non-animal alternatives, parmesan cheese vegetarian, rennet free parmesan, vegan alternative, vegan brunch, vegan dessert, vegan dinner, vegan food, vegan lunch, vegan parmesan cheese brands, vegetarian parmesan, vegetarian parmesan cheese, vegetarian rennet, Vegetarian Restaurants, veggie parmesan



Wait … Parmesan Cheese Isn’t Vegetarian?


Cheese: the saving grace of many a vegetarian who still wants to treat themselves, or the one thing arguably standing in the way of them going full vegan. Alongside eggs and milk, cheese is a useful way for non-meat eaters to easily ensure they’re still getting a certain amount of protein in their diets, all without as much of the guilt that may accompany the eating of actual animals.
Well, as it turns out, not every cheese is created equal, in the sense that not every cheese is technically vegetarian. If you’re a vegetarian who’s a big fan of pasta, caesar salads, or general Italian cooking, I hope you’re sitting down as you read this https://bombaysandwichco.com/‘s article: Parmesan cheese isn’t vegetarian.
So why isn’t Parmesan cheese vegetarian?
Great question. In this case, it has to do with the use of something called rennet, which is pretty crucial to the Parmesano-Reggiano production process. Rennet is usually taken from the fourth stomach of a relatively young grazing animal like calves, goats, or lambs. That stomach is prized for its concentration of an enzyme called chymosin, which gradually loses its potency over time as grass replaces milk in that animal’s diet.
Traditionally, getting that rennet has meant slicing the stomachs of young calves into little pieces dropped into salt water or whey, with something acidic like wine or vinegar used to help draw out the enzymes. Once that solution’s filtered out, it can coagulate a significantly larger quantity of milk. More modern methods use a bit of more precise chemistry to yield more potent rennet, but a calf’s stomach is still involved.

What is rennet’s role in the Parmesan process?
If it makes you feel any better, those stomachs play a crucial role in making Parmesan cheese what it is, thanks to the ability of chymosin to separate solids from liquids in the cheesemaking process.


When producing Parmesan, rennet is introduced after unpasteurized cow’s milk is heated, in order to start the separation process. From there, not much else is really added as the cheese does its thing over time. In fact, a cheese can only meet the European Union’s legal definition of Parmesan if it’s produced in the “Reggiano” region of Italy using nothing more than cow’s milk, salt, and calf rennet, underscoring how central that bit of stomach is to the process.



Do other cheese also use rennet?
It brings me no pleasure to report that Parmesan is far from the only cheese in which rennet plays a role. You’ll find rennet in other Italian cheeses like Pecorino Romano, Grana Padano, and Gorgonzola (which is now stinky to vegetarians for non-olfactory reasons).
Certain French and Swiss cheeses also, regrettably, say oui to rennet. They include Camembert, Vacherin, Emmenthaler, and Gruyère. Even Spanish Manchego can’t resist rennet’s role in the curdification process.
Are there vegetarian-friendly alternatives to those cheeses?
While northern Italians may quibble with their authenticity, the good news for vegetarians is that there are viable (though perhaps less genuine and/or tasty) alternatives to Parmesan and other European cheeses that bypass the rennet.
Instead, those truly vegetarian cheeses get the coagulating, curding magic they need from microbial enzymes that mimic the effects of chymosin. Various plants can also provide a “vegetable rennet” of sorts. Boiling cardoon thistle, artichokes, or nettles in water and straining the end result with a cheesecloth leaves behind a thickening enzyme functionally similar to chymosin. Certain Iberian cheeses like Azeitão are traditionally made using plant rennet, meaning vegetarians may have better luck shopping for Portuguese or Spanish options.
Before you get too excited, though, there’s a reason that non-animal alternatives to rennet aren’t as popular as the genuine article. Supposedly, they can be a bit fussier to make cheese with than an actual calf stomach, and the flavor might come off a little bit different as well.
Failing that, you can always opt for a vegan alternative. With the revolution in plant-based alternatives going on these days, you may just be pleasantly surprised with how decent a vegan imitation of your favorite rennet-based cheeses tastes.
Up until a few minutes ago, you may have lived your life totally unaware that the cheese you enjoy on top of spaghetti or caesar salads has more in common with veal than you’d like to believe. But while ignorance may be bliss, knowledge is power. Learning about rennet certainly doesn’t make vegetarianism any easier, but now you can at least seek out alternatives to the “meat” you’ve unwittingly consumed.
Or you can just keep on eating whatever cheese you want without giving a second thought to any of this, because cheese is tasty. The choice is yours.




20
Jul, 2023





  bombaysandwichco



 Vegan Food


 best cuisine for vegetarians, best cuisines for vegetarians, best vegetarian cuisine, best vegetarian cuisines, Best Vegetarian Restaurants, meatless dinner ideas for picky eaters, meatless meals for picky eaters, types of vegetarian, types of vegetarians, vegan brunch, vegan dessert, vegan food, vegan lunch, Vegan Restaurants, vegetable diet, vegetarian, vegetarian cuisines, vegetarian diet, vegetarian finger food, vegetarian meals for picky eaters, vegetarian party food, vegetarian party food recipes, vegetarian recipes for picky eaters, Vegetarian Restaurants, vegetarian snacks for party, veggie meals for picky eaters, veggie party food



Vegetarian diet: How to get the best nutrition


A well-planned vegetarian diet is a healthy way to meet your nutritional needs. Find out what you need to know about a plant-based diet in this website https://bombaysandwichco.com/.
Vegetarian diets continue to increase in popularity. Reasons for following a vegetarian diet vary but include health benefits. Following a vegetarian diet may reduce the risk of heart disease, diabetes and some cancers.
But some vegetarian diets may rely too heavily on processed foods with too many calories, and too much sugar, fat and salt. These diets may not include enough fruits, vegetables, whole grains and nutrient-rich foods.

With planning, a vegetarian diet can meet the needs of people of all ages, as well as people who are pregnant or breastfeeding.



The key is to be aware of your nutritional needs so that you plan a diet that meets them.
Types of vegetarian diets
Vegetarian diets vary in what foods they include and exclude:

Lacto-vegetarian diets exclude meat, fish, poultry and eggs, as well as foods that contain them. Dairy products, such as milk, cheese, yogurt and butter, are included.
Ovo-vegetarian diets exclude meat, poultry, seafood and dairy products, but allow eggs.
Lacto-ovo vegetarian diets exclude meat, fish and poultry, but allow dairy products and eggs.
Pescatarian diets exclude meat and poultry, dairy, and eggs, but allow fish.
Vegan diets exclude meat, poultry, fish, eggs and dairy products, as well as foods that contain these products.


Some people follow a diet that is mostly plant-based, but they still eat meat, dairy, eggs, poultry and fish on occasion or in small quantities. This is sometimes called a flexitarian diet.

Planning a healthy vegetarian diet
To get the most out of a vegetarian diet, choose a variety of healthy plant-based foods. These include whole fruits and vegetables and whole grains. Nuts and legumes, such as lentils, beans and peanuts, also are considered healthy plant-based foods.
At the same time, cut back on less healthy choices. These include sugar-sweetened beverages, fruit juices and refined grains. A registered dietitian can help you create a vegetarian plan that’s right for you.
Keep in mind that the more foods you cut out of your diet, the harder it can be to get all the nutrients you need. A vegan diet, for example, cuts out natural food sources of vitamin B-12, as well as milk products, which are good sources of calcium.
To be sure that your diet provides what your body needs, pay special attention to the following nutrients:
Calcium and vitamin D
Calcium helps build and maintain strong teeth and bones. Milk and dairy foods are highest in calcium. Dark green vegetables are good plant sources if you eat enough of them. Examples include turnip and collard greens, kale and broccoli. Other options include calcium-enriched and fortified products. Calcium is added to some juices, cereals, soy milk, soy yogurt and tofu.
Vitamin D also plays an important role in bone health. Vitamin D is added to cow’s milk, some brands of soy and rice milk, and some cereals and margarines. Be sure to check food labels. People who don’t eat enough fortified foods and have limited sun exposure may want to talk with a health care provider about vitamin D supplements. Plant-derived vitamin D supplements are available.
Vitamin B-12
Vitamin B-12 is necessary to produce red blood cells and prevent anemia. Anemia a condition in which the body doesn’t have enough healthy red blood cells to carry oxygen to all parts of the body. Vitamin B-12 is found almost exclusively in animal products, so it can be difficult to get enough B-12 on a vegan diet. Vitamin B-12 deficiency may go undetected in people who eat a vegan diet. This is because the vegan diet is rich in a vitamin called folate that can mask vitamin B-12 deficiency. For this reason, it’s important for vegans to consider vitamin supplements, vitamin-enriched cereals and fortified soy products.
Protein
Protein helps keep skin, bones, muscles and organs healthy. Eggs and dairy products are good sources, and you don’t need to eat large amounts to meet your protein needs. Eating a variety of plant-based foods throughout the day also can provide enough protein. Plant sources include soy products and meat substitutes, legumes, lentils, nuts, seeds, and whole grains.
Omega-3 fatty acids
Omega-3 fatty acids are found in fish, canola oil, soy oil, walnuts, ground flaxseed and soybeans. Vegetarian diets that do not include fish may be low in two types of omega-3 fatty acids called DHA and EPA. Some evidence suggests that taking in EPA and DHA omega-3 fatty acids may lower the risk for heart disease. Also, these two omega-3s may be important during pregnancy for fetal development. Research on other health effects of EPA and DHA varies. Vegetarians who do not eat fish or include sources of omega-3 fatty acids in their diet may consider adding fortified products to their diet.
Iron and zinc
Iron is important to red blood cells. Dried beans and peas, lentils, enriched cereals, whole-grain products, dark leafy green vegetables, and dried fruit are sources of iron. But the body doesn’t absorb iron from plant sources as easily as animal sources. So the recommended intake of iron for vegetarians is almost double that recommended for nonvegetarians. To help your body absorb iron from plants, eat foods rich in vitamin C at the same time as you’re eating iron-containing foods. Vitamin C-rich foods include peppers, strawberries, citrus fruits, tomatoes, cabbage and broccoli.
Like iron, zinc is not as easily absorbed from plant sources as it is from animal products. Fish, including crab and shrimp, are sources of zinc for pescatarians. Cheese and yogurt are sources of zinc if you eat dairy products. Plant sources include whole grains, soy products, lentils, beans, nuts and wheat germ. Zinc helps the body make proteins and grow cells. Research on zinc in the diet has found that it supports the immune system and vision, specifically.
Iodine
Thyroid hormones are made partly of iodine. Thyroid hormones help control the body’s metabolism and play an important role in muscle growth. Iodine can easily be added to food by using iodized salt. Seafood and dairy also are sources of iodine. People who do not eat seafood or dairy may be at risk of iodine deficiency if they do not use iodized salt. Iodine deficiency can lead to the thyroid getting bigger as it tries to meet the body’s need for thyroid hormones. When that happens to the thyroid it’s called goiter. Seaweed is vegetarian option for dietary iodine.
Getting started
One way to start on a vegetarian diet is to slowly reduce the meat in your diet. At the same time, increase the amount of fruits and vegetables in your diet. Here are a few tips to help you get started:

Ramp up. Each week increase the number of meatless meals you already enjoy, such as spaghetti with tomato sauce or vegetable stir-fry. Find ways to include greens in your daily meals. Good options include spinach, kale, Swiss chard and collards.
Substitute. Take favorite recipes and try them without meat. For example, make vegetarian chili by leaving out the ground beef and adding an extra can of black beans. Or make fajitas using extra-firm tofu rather than chicken. You may be surprised to find that many dishes need only simple changes to become vegetarian.
Branch out. Check the internet for vegetarian menus. Buy or borrow vegetarian cookbooks. Check out ethnic restaurants to sample new vegetarian cuisines. Adding variety to your vegetarian diet can help you meet all your nutritional needs.





19
Jul, 2023





  bombaysandwichco



 Vegan Food


 animal-free, Best Vegetarian Restaurants, dairy-free, delicious junk food, delicious junk food snacks, egg-free, hungry vegans, junk food snacks vegan, junk food vegan, snacks vegan, vegan brunch, vegan dessert, vegan dinner, vegan food, vegan junk food, vegan junk food snacks, vegan lunch, Vegan Restaurants, vegan snacks, vegan-friendly, vegan-friendly snack, vegan-friendly snacks, Vegetarian Restaurants



Here are 17 Snacks You Never Knew Were Vegan



What do a lot of your favorite snacks have in common? Quite a few of them are vegan! They weren’t created specifically for vegans, but happen to be dairy-, egg-, and animal-free anyway, so everybody can enjoy. Stock up your pantry with a couple of these familiar and delicious treats in this https://bombaysandwichco.com/‘s article below.



Airheads

This extremely chewy snack with incredibly tongue-staining capabilities is made from approximately five different forms of sugar. That’s good news for vegans, since sugar contains no animal products. It’s also good news for dentists.


Bac’n Pieces

That these intensely red granules—which add a bacon-y smokiness to anything they’re sprinkled on, and which sadly aren’t Bac-Os (RIP)—don’t contain animal by-products is a marvel of food science. For best results, apply directly to tongue.



Doritos Spicy Sweet Chili

While the more ubiquitous Doritos flavors Cool Ranch and Nacho Cheese contain whey, this zestier, dairy-free variety is suitable for consumption by the plant-based set—and anyone else who savors spicy sweetness. You know who you are.


Famous Amos peanut butter sandwich cookies

Amos’ chocolate chip cookies are more famous, but these peanut butter-filled treats are just as delectable. Plus, each cookie sandwich is technically made from two cookies with a thick swipe of peanut butter in the middle—a win whether you are vegan or not.

Fritos

The only ingredients found in the original Fritos are corn, corn oil, and salt, which is a refreshingly small number of ingredients for such a popular salty snack. Notably, not one of those ingredients is derived from a living creature. Watch out for other Fritos flavors, though, especially anything that contains the phrase “natural flavorings” in the ingredients list. No one knows what “natural flavorings” means and there is no guarantee it is animal product-free.

Justin’s dark chocolate peanut butter cups

These rivals to Reese’s Peanut Butter Cups are the darlings of health-food fanatics from Portland, Maine, to Portland, Oregon, despite a trust hiccup a little while back when the company suddenly added a note to its packaging that read “contains milk.” Now that the reason for that has been cleared up, everyone’s free to go back to shoving these delicacies into their faces.


Lay’s Classic potato chips

Vegans can rejoice knowing that they, too, can continue to get super-salty potato grease mush stuck in all their molars. Just be sure to stick to the classic, salted version.



Lindt chocolate bars

Being vegan doesn’t mean giving up chocolate. No one should ever be asked to do that. The 70% cacao bar from Lindt is there to take care of any chocolate cravings without involving any animal products. Things start to get dicier once you go down to 60% cacao, so definitely stick to the darker stuff.

Maple bacon Kettle Chips

How are they vegan if they have bacon in the name, you ask? Simple: smoke flavor, salt, and paprika, mostly. This flavor does contain the aforementioned and suspicious “natural flavors,” but if the editors of PETA are willing to eat them, you should be too.


Sara Lee/Marie Callender’s frozen pies

Make sure to double check the ingredients list, but a number of flavors—including the beloved apple—are great for folks who don’t like to eat animal in any shape or form, but love warm fruit in a flaky crust.




Nutter Butter cookies

They’re gritty, sweet, and salty, and they don’t really taste like peanut butter, but hey, they’re safe for vegans, and they’re shaped like peanuts, so you can’t go wrong.



Oreos

Although the widely accepted method of eating these delights involves a twist and a milk dunk (they’re promoted as “Milk’s Favorite Cookie” for a reason), the sweet creme-stuffed cookie contain zero dairy products.

Ritz Crackers

Don’t let the rich buttery taste fool you—these are completely butter-free. They’re great with budget meats and cheeses or vegan-friendly toppings like peanut butter and Bac’n Pieces.

Sour Patch Kids

Sure, you can’t have M&Ms or Skittles or trays of nachos with disconcertingly neon yellow cheese dip when you go to the movies as a vegan. But you can have Sour Patch Kids. They’re free of gelatin, but still coated in enough sour crystals to make your tongue slightly raw.

Swedish Fish

There are plenty of (gummy) fish in the sea for hungry vegans looking for snacks without gelatin, namely Swedish Fish, the underrated candy of champions.

Thin Mints

A sleeve at a time, straight out of the freezer, or with your mom—no matter how you chow down on this seasonal favorite you can rest easy knowing no animals were harmed in the making of these minty chocolatey delights. Also, take note: Some versions of Lemonades and Peanut Butter Patties are vegan, so long as they come from ABC Bakers and are marked as such.

Unfrosted Pop-Tarts

Pop-Tarts can be a vegan’s best friend if they are the unfrosted strawberry, blueberry, and brown sugar-cinnamon varieties. When there’s no icing, you appreciate the pastry for what it is: an utterly delicious flaky-ish, fake-tasting breakfast treat that’s totally vegan-friendly. It’s almost more surprising that the icing does actually contain real milk products.




Posts navigation
1
2
…
4

 




SearchSearchRecent PostsVegan Pumpkin Pie
Garden of Life Protein Powder Review
5-Minute Vegan Cashew Queso
The 12 Best Vegan Protein Bars
Best Vegan Brunch Recipes
Recent CommentsNo comments to show.Archives July 2023
Categories Vegan Food

 














						Copyright © 2023 Healthy Vegan Indian Food for Lunch, Take-out & Delivery | Bombay Sandwich Co. | Flatiron | Powered by Specia WordPress Theme 
















