
















Boosted.ai - Machine Learning For Better Investing












































































Solutions

Use Cases

For Investment Advisors
For Enterprise Users
For Fundamental Managers
For Quants
For Hedging




Product Features

Dynamic Stock Screening
Machine Learning Portfolio Overlay
Targeted Baskets
Machine Learning Risk Mitigation
Alternative Data Integration
Actively Traded Models


About

About
Awards
Team
Careers
Frequently Asked Questions


Learn

Blog
Media
Webinars
White Papers


Docs
Book a Demo
Try Now
 

Search









Join Our Community









Search









Search...

















Search













 






Machine learning for better investing
We make Boosted Insights - an artificial intelligence software for investment managers to create value in their equity portfolios.



Learn more























			Play with Boosted.ai's interactive demo
		
 
Expanded view






Our Data Partners














































Our Platform: Boosted Insights







Cutting Edge
Proprietary machine learning algorithms that are finance specific. Our expertise comes from decades of machine learning and financial markets experience.






Complementary
You control all inputs in the process. Boosted.ai helps you integrate machine learning into your process. Create multiple models quickly and easily in the cloud.






Easy to Use
We bridge the gap between machine learning and your finance expertise to enhance portfolio outcomes. No programming knowledge required.






Explainable
We highlight what factors drove the machine learning decisions and outcomes. Our platform is not a black box.



Read Latest Blog 					

Learn about us						








What they’re saying about Boosted.ai




Boosted.ai helps us create optimal models to screen for the best ideas in our universe. Our analysis shows that we add more alpha when we combine our conviction—both long and short—with that of the models from Boosted. It has been a predictable, explainable and additive process for our team.
Partner
$600 million European based Long/Short Hedge Fund







Boosted.ai has become an integral part of our team’s research process in identifying equity short positions. The platform is easy to use and efficiently highlights relationships that aren’t always obvious, which allows us to have a first mover advantage in selecting stocks that help us meet our objectives.
Portfolio Manager
$1B US based Long/Short Hedge Fund



















Resources



September 5th, 2023
Introducing Boosted Insights 3.0: Supercharging Your Productivity With Our All-in-One AI Portfolio Assistant
Boosted.ai began with a mission: to create the most loved and widely used AI tool for asset management. Since 2017, when we started Boosted.ai, we have aimed to make Boosted Insights – our AI software for investment managers, an easy-to-use tool masking serious complexity and computational power. I am thrilled to unveil Boosted Insights 3.0
Read More




August 22nd, 2023
Three Ways AI is Disrupting Investment Management
Most investment managers would try almost anything to get a little more return for their portfolios – from the adoption of computers for data analysis to algorithmic trading, asset managers have embraced innovation to stay ahead. As we step into the age of artificial intelligence, investment management is on the brink of another transformative phase.
Read More




July 19th, 2023
ChatGPT and AI in Investment Management
In November of last year, OpenAI launched ChatGPT, their artificial intelligence chatbot trained to read a user’s prompt and provide a detailed response. Despite the company’s lack of any real kind of marketing push for the launch, ChatGPT became the fastest growing consumer internet app ever, reaching over 100M unique users in just two months.
Read More





















Want to see Boosted Insights for yourself?
Book a Demo












Product Features
Dynamic Stock Screening
Machine Learning Portfolio Overlay
Targeted Baskets
Machine Learning Risk Mitigation
Alternative Data Integration
Actively Traded Models
 

Company
About
Our Team
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
Frequently Asked Questions
 


Join Our Community











The stock ratings, signals, and rankings provided by Boosted.ai are not intended to be investment advice. These ratings, signals signals, and rankings are based on Artificial Intelligence (AI) analysis, which calculates probabilities, not certainties. All the information contained on this website is for research and educational purposes and will never be considered a recommendation or advice on investment, nor will it be considered legal, tax, or any other type of advice. Using our site, you are accepting our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy



© 2023 Boosted.ai. All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use




















