











Made by Bren Kinfa - Digital Creator & Entrepreneur




























































 Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Contact meContact meHi, I'm Bren Kinfa 👋I ship AI resources to help you level up.
Join 7,000+ getting AI resources to help them level up in business and lifeSubscribe below to get my latest content & new releases 👇

Landing - Subscribe FormΔText InputEmailSubscribe for free 🚀 
Join thousands of foundersgetting useful resourcesNeil Roy
DTC enabler
Very well researched set of prompts, definitely using it for our upcoming marketing projects.
Miguel Anticona
@miguelanticonam
Your work is impeccable, thank you very much for the quality of your content. I will continue to visit your content!
Aditi Shah
Building Patr
Couldn’t have come across this at a better time. Seems like a great addition to my existing collection of ChatGPT resources!
Brady Lewis
Building GAIM Network
This is absolutely fantastic. There are so many awesome tools being released right and left that I forget about 95% of them. I will be using this all the time! Congrats on the launch.
Jason Derekis
AI Enthusiast
Hey Bren, congrats on the launch, this is a brilliant resource. There’s indeed so many directories now, this was desperately needed IMO!
Mary Kh
Head of UX | Artist
That is a tremendous work contributing to the community, thank you. Everyone MUST SEE!
Dao Le
@lephudao
I wanted to take a moment to express my gratitude for sharing your valuable resources with me. Your ChatGPT prompt, books, AI Tools have been incredibly helpful in my journey of learning.
C.A Tardecilla
Data Driven Content Creator
Great job, @brenkinfa In a world that can be so busy and overwhelming, it’s truly impressive how you manage to take on and complete so many projects. Keep up the amazing work!
@paulsbeeper
I just saw SaaS Bookshelf on Product Hunt and absolutely loved it; great idea & such clean execution.
Masha Plotkina
Co-founder & CEO Quinky
I appreciate the effort put into compiling this list and breaking down the potential use cases into different categories.
Hossein Yazdi
Founder of branition.com
Great UI, great books, and most importantly a great idea.
Doğukan Tezcan
Buidl @TransferChain
Really useful resource, thanks for your compilations!
Vinay Sharma
Creator Stock
Really helpful tool for anyone who’s looking to use AI.
Maya A
Data Scientist
Thanks for sharing this!! Super cool, and will check it out and share my product on the various recourses you have provided!
Charles Shiro
Love the latest SaaS products
This is the tool I’ve been looking for.
Pistakkio Marketing
Pistakkio – SEO agency
I’ve followed Bren since his first launch at the end of Nov 2022 and he’s a great professional marketer and growth hacker. Thanks for this side project.
📨 Contact me© 2023 





















