








Home





























FOUNDED 1920

















Members LoginHome
	About HPCC Welcome!HPCC LeadershipPoliciesUnder New ManagementMembership DirectoryDiscover Hyde Park!
	City of Chicago Small Business CenterAsk the Health CoachSouthside Chicago Jobs	Join the Chamber! Membership Membership Application (pdf)2023 CalendarContact
	Resources HousingSchoolsArts & CultureDiningShoppingParks & Recreation










 

HPCC Radar

HPCC Chamber Check-In
Join us for next month's meeting 
September HPCC Chamber Check-In 
Date: Thursday, September 7, 2023    5:30pm - 7:30pm
Location: The Shoreland, 5454 South Shore Drive, Chicago 60615
Free for HPCC members and members of the host organization. $25 event fee per organization for non-members.
Event fee can be paid with a credit card during pre-registration.
Register here!

News Flash!   October's Meeting location has been changed!
October HPCC Chamber Check-In 
Date: Thursday, October 5, 2023    5:30pm - 7:30pm
Location: Recycled Modern, 5231 S. Harper Court, Chicago 60615
Free for HPCC members and members of the host organization. $25 event fee per organization for non-members.
Event fee can be paid with a credit card during pre-registration.
Register here!
 
News Flash!   Due to circumstances beyond their control, Sundrip is postponiing this ribbon cutting.  We'll update you when we know the new date!
HPCC Ribbon Cutting
Sundrip, 1109 E. 55th Street, Chicago, IL
Date: Friday, September 8, 2023, 11:30 am









Click to download the list! Updated! Sept 1, 2023




Click for more information!



 
ABOUT THE NBDC PROGRAM
The City of Chicago, Department of Business Affairs and Consumer Protection (BACP), Neighborhood Business Development Centers (NBDC) program provides grants to Chicago-based nonprofit chambers of commerce and business support organizations to assist in the development of small businesses in Chicago, serve as liaison between local businesses and the City of Chicago, and provide neighborhood business development services.
 
























Welcome to the Hyde Park Chamber of Commerce!



Ribbon Cuttings in Hyde Park 
 
The Chamber welcomes The Harper Theater
 


 




Ask a Health & Lifestyle Coach


A new column to support your good health & wellness by HPCC member Robin Schwarz


HPCC Welcomes ....



Sundrip
Public Image Partnership
Prosperity Property Services
JazzUpVentures
Coldwell Banker - Evelyn Woods
Beggar's Pizza
Brave Space Alliance
StrugglebeardBakery
Monty Investigations
5460 S. Blackstone, LLC
Hot Pans, Inc,
Sweet Drip Dessert Cafe
Sneakerville 88
Sugar Estate Beauty
The Study at the University of Chicago
Growing Boundlessly
Unbeatable Eatables
CompTIA
The Black Beauty Collective
Compass
Apertrue Photography
GH Wealth Management
Bruce Montgomery
Bonne Sante
Oooh Wee! It Is!
Hijutsu, LLC
Ray St. Ange IT Consulting Group
Northwestern Mutual
New City Moving
Hudson Cleans
Thompson & Associates
SK Properties Group
Yara Artis
Bob's Pizza
Small Cheval




 



 





Capital One Café is now serving Verve Coffee and a delicious new food menu 
Capital One Café is proud to feature Verve Coffee Roasters—a leading craft coffee, sourcing the very best coffee in the world. With an unparalleled focus on quality and relationships, Verve is dedicated to making a positive impact on coffee communities. In addition to the new coffee partner, there’s also a refreshed food menu to keep you full all day long.
Stop by and find your new favorite!





 




Chamber volunteer Marshall Callery talks about the influence of Hyde Park in his world.













Northeast Region Weekly Update
Sept 5, 2023
 August 28, 2023
August 21. 2023
Click to download! 
The newsletter of the IDCEO is full of grant information, programs as well as updates for continuing programs offered by the State of Illinois.  Download the newsletter to stay informed!




Chicago - Main office

332 S. Michigan Avenue, Suite 600Chicago, IL 60604
Phone: 312-353-4528

Hours of operation: Monday through Friday, from 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Closed on all federal holidays.















Businesses
Join the Chamber!
Membership 
Leadership



Residents
Aldermanic Districts
Housing
Schools
Shopping



Visitors
Arts & Culture
Dining
Hotels
Shopping
Parks & Recreation
 



Contact
Phil Moy, Executive Director
Hyde Park Chamber of Commerce
1525 E. 53rd Street, Chicago, Illinois 60615
Phone:  (773) 288-0124
phil@hydeparkchamberchicago.org
hydeparkchamberchicago.org


Weather




Be Social 














 

© Copyright 2023  Hyde Park Chamber of Commerce.  All rights reserved        Policies  











