




Caesar 3 Heaven
















Caesar 3 Heaven









Menu


Senate
Strategy

Walkthroughs
Housing Blocks

Forums
Downloads
Game Info
FAQs
Gallery
Units
Buildings



Search for:



HeavenGames

Main Portal
Age of Empires
Age of Empires 3
Age of Kings
Age of Mythology
Age of Wonders
Age of Wonders 2
Battle for Middle Earth 2
Caesar 3
Caesar 4
Children of the Nile
Emperor:RotMK
Empire at War
Empire Earth
Empire: Total War
Empires: DotMW
Medieval 2: Total War
Napoleon: Total War
Pharaoh
Rise & Fall:CaW
Rise of Legends
Rise of Nations
Rome: Total War
Stronghold
Stronghold 2
SW:Galactic Battlegrounds
Total War: Shogun 2
Zeus

 





	Welcome to Caesar III Heaven, the premier C3 site on the Internet. Although the news on this page is no longer updated on a daily basis, there will still be very occasional newsflashes (scroll down the page), and all the resources collated here since October 1998 are here for you to peruse through. Here's a quick reminder of what we've got on offer:


Strategy Section - here you'll find any and all inside information about how best to play C3 - walkthroughs, housing blocks, you name it, we've got it!
Forums - Head over here to chat to other C3 players - share hints, tips, or just share a virtual cup of coffee in the Community forum.
News Archives - see what's been going on in the past here at C3 Heaven.


	Enjoy!
	The C3 Heaven Team
 Latest News

New release of Augustus Posted by Pecunia		on September 23, 2022
The team behind Augustus, the open source version of Caesar 3 with modifications, have released version 3.2: this release makes major changes to the health system and contains a lot of fixes and improvements.
Get the release and manual here!


Caesar 3 in 2021 Posted by Pecunia		on March 28, 2021
We have given Caesar 3 Heaven a small make-over: the site has been modernized a bit: it’s now possible to use the site on phone without having to zoom and scroll, plus we have added a search feature in the sidebar on the left.
If you’re interested in buying the game nowadays, both GOG and Steam have it available.
In addition, let me point out two open source projects that might be of interest:
The first one is Julius, an open source implementation for Caesar 3. Do you want widescreen support, effortless windowed mode and more little tweaks to make your life easier, but the same gameplay experience as Caesar 3? Get Julius.
The next one is Augustus, which builds on Julius to give you whole new gameplay components: roadblocks, global labour, more control over walkers, increased game limits, and the latest release even contained monuments.
Both projects are compatible with the GOG, Steam and old CD-ROM versions of the game.



Caesar IV Heaven Opens
Posted by Angel Jayhawk on September 13, 2006
I know a great many of us have been awaiting this moment. Eagerly awaiting this moment. After playing every single Caesar 3 scenario in more ways than the designers thought possible..."Hey, let's do Carthago without prefects!" we can soon take on Carthago in a different way.Tilted Mill, known from Children of the Nile, but also from many of their staff having been involved in earlier citybuilders, have recreated the Glory that was Rome...erm, or rather. the Glory that was Caesar 3.Caesar 4 will be bringing back familiar places and familiar faces, such as prefects and engineers, but now in glorious 3D, with factories, with day and night, with weather. I checked out the demo and was hooked. Caesar 4 brings our favourite citybuilder into the 21st century.So, with little further ado, I'd like to welcome you to Caesar 4 Heaven. We're a bit bare bones at the moment, but we will make this the place to go should you need information about the game, its scenarios, and its history. I hope you'll enjoy our efforts.



Caesar IV announced
Posted by Merepatra on August 19, 2005
Tilted Mill and Vivendi have announced that they are developing Caesar IV.
Vivendi Universal Games (VU Games) today announced development of Sierra Entertainment's Caesar™ IV, the sequel to the million unit plus selling Caesar™ III, scheduled for release in 2006. Building on the award-winning formula of its predecessor, Caesar IV takes the city-building genre into the 21st century, with new gameplay and features, and a cutting edge 3D graphics engine developed specifically for the title. Developed by Tilted Mill, Caesar IV advances, refines and updates the city-building gameplay pioneered by Caesar III, while remaining true to its predecessor's proud legacy. In Caesar IV, players take on the role of an aspiring provincial governor within Caesar's empire as they build and manage an individual ancient Roman city and its province. 
Take a look at the official Caesar IV site for more information and discuss the game in our forums




















			Caesar 3 is a game by Sierra Studios & Impressions Software.
			All trademarks (graphics, information, etc.) are the sole property of their respective owners.
			All Materials in Caesar 3 Heaven used with permission.
			All other materials are the property of HeavenGames and Requires permission of use on other sites!
			Links Do Not Necessarily Suggest Endorsement Names, trademarks, and copyrights are the property of the originating companies and web sites.
          






