



 Camber Legal - Custom Built Subscription Legal Services at your fingertips















































































 





Reduce Legal Spend.Increase Return on Investment. Seamless Credit Collection Litigation at your Fingertips. 



Camber Legal is a modern law firm leveraging technology, subscriptions, and innovative culture to give our clients Certainty. 






Subscribe Today











 









Are you tired of chasing down unpaid invoices and dealing with commercial credit disputes? We’ve got you covered!
Our Commercial Credit Litigation Subscription is here to take the headache out of collecting what you’re owed.
With our team of experienced litigation experts, we’ll handle all the legal aspects of your commercial credit disputes because you deserve Certainty.  









 
 Play Video
















 



							Experienced Legal Counsel						

							Partners with a combined 25+ years of litigation experience in Illinois, Wisconsin, and Colorado. We represent all types of clients, from Fortune 500 to small businesses. 						













 



							State of the Art Technology						

							Best in class technology stack built to leverage data, automation, and collaboration to reduce costs, increase recoveries, and impact your business.						

















 



							Value Pricing						

							We price our services on the value we provide instead of the inputs we track. It allows Camber Legal to align our work in service of your business and impact its bottom line. Certainty in price, with all the benefits of a traditional law firm, and none of the negatives.						













 



							Experienced Legal Counsel						

							Camber Legal provides Certainty in price, communication, access to data, knowledgeable counsel, and best-in-class technology. We can help your legal department become more than a cost center. 						















 









About Us















How It Works 




Sign up for our subscription service, and we’ll be your dedicated partner.
Our team will collaborate on strategy and take the necessary legal steps to recover your funds.
Experienced litigation attorneys handle all the legal aspects of your commercial credit disputes because you deserve Certainty.
Our goal is to provide you with a stress-free experience and maximize your chances of a successful resolution.
 







Choose Your Certainty 



Flat Fee and Subscription Plans to Fit Your Budget.Choose the Impact you want to Create! 
















Single Case


3,500
/ Per Case*







Unlimited Client Collaboration





Demand Letter





Complaint





Service of Process





Motion for Default





Unlimited Court Appearances





Unlimited Settlement Negotiations





Judgment &/Or Settlement Docs





Client Portal 





Costs Paid by Client





Non-Standard Add-On Pricing 





Exclusions Apply





Demo Price





                                                                                            Start Package Now                                                    














Monthly Subscription


10,000
/ Per month*







Everything in Single Case





Up to 3 Cases Per Month





Template Library





Limited Motion Practice*





Limited Discovery*





Quantitative Modeling License





Costs Paid by Client





Non-Standard Add-On Pricing





Exclusions Apply





                                                                                            Start Subcription Now                                                    














Annual Subscription


Bespoke
/ Paid Monthly*







Everything in Monthly & Single Case





Unlimited Motion Practice





Discovery Included*





Judgment Domestication





Costs Paid by Client





Exclusions Apply





                                                                                            Impact Your Business                                                    






















We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.Cookie SettingsAccept AllManage consent




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled




									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 






								Functional							


Functional





									Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								Performance							


Performance





									Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								Analytics							


Analytics





									Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								Advertisement							


Advertisement





									Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								Others							


Others





									Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












SAVE & ACCEPT










 







 




Home 



About 



Subscriptions 



Contact 

























































Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
 

 Menu


Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
 








© 2023  All rights Reserved. 








Linkedin
 












