Captiv8 - End-to-End Influencer Marketing platform for data-driven branded content    
   

Skip to content

 

Products



Influencer Marketing Suite
One unified solution to manage creator partnerships

        
Social  Insights 

            
Discovery 

      
Workflow 

                
Amplification 

          
Measurement 



Creator Collective
Leverage creators to drive commerce at scale

        
Affiliate 

           
Commerce Integrations 

          
Attribution 



Creator Solutions
Manage partnerships, payments and performance

       
Creator Hub 

       
Talent Management Portal 


    



Unique Solutions

     TikTok Integration



       Paid Media Amplification



        Payment



                  Advanced Solutions



               Measurement



        Strategic Solutions




About Us




           Company






           Careers






            DEI





Resources


Sign In

Sign Up

Get a Demo







End to End Influencer Marketing
Best-in-class software. Award winning services.
Discover revenue driving creators and track campaign ROI in real time
Manage creator payments across a variety of payment models
Boost and amplify creator content using paid channels
Leverage our award winning services for as much or as little as needed
Take platform tour











 Your All-In-One  Influencer Marketing Platform






Data-backed insights  to streamline decision making









A complete influencer  workflow & simplified solution

How Captiv8 Works
We provide the tools and services to help you run high-performing influencer marketing campaigns. See how you can streamline your influencer marketing operations and increase your ROI below:

Your All-In-One Influencer Marketing Platform Captiv8 helps you find and track revenue-driving creators, manage creator and affiliate payments and boost creator posts with paid media... with an award winning agency to support your team how and when you need it.

Data-backed insights to streamline decision making
We take the guesswork out of creator marketing, making it possible to accurately forecast, estimate, and pedict impact across campaigns to increase ROI.

A complete influencer workflow & simplified solutionWe take into consideration the priorities of all campaign stakeholders, and provide tools to allow users to manage creator identification and discovery to amplifying and reporting in one custom-designed workflow.We have combined the art of building relationships with the science of innovative data intelligence so you can drive Partnership ROI
Get Started

AI/ML DATA
Making Informed Decisions with Enriched Data
Too often your influencer data is isolated, incomplete and                     difficult to analyze. Now you can access meaningful intelligence to create better influencer                     experiences and generate targeted results. From predictive analytics and first-party creator data,                     to exclusive insights and an open API, access the tools you need to transform your influencer                     marketing.
 Learn More
Industry Partners
Partnerships To Scale Influencer Programs
Captiv8 is supported by top-notch industry partners to ensure our customers have access to the most up-to-date custom solutions, data, and insights across social media.

Social
Amplify Branded Content Looking to boost branded content? Say goodbye to multiple login efforts across platform. Captiv8's Paid Amplification tool, simplifies boosting so that partners can manage paid media directly in the platform. With API integrations across legacy social networks, you can scale your branded content to reach intended audiences.  
Learn More








Commerce
Creator Driven Sales Social commerce has traditionally been managed across a myriad of different tools. Thanks to Captiv8 partner integrations, users can simply log in, manage performance, launch and scale affiliate campaigns. Track revenue across product and creator - and yes, it's just that easy.
Learn More






CRM DATA
Using Data to Find  the Perfect Creator Partner Finding the perfect creator for a brand campaign can be complex. Thanks to first-party creator data, Captiv8's AI social engine, and LiveRamp's matching technology - partners can easily discover creators that are natural brand advocates.
Learn More








DIVERSITY AND INFLUENCEDiversity In Action: Build always-on diversity into all aspects of influencer programs
As a minority-owned business, we understand how important it is to celebrate uniqueness and embrace diversity. Our platform is built to amplify unique voices, allowing discoverability for ethnicity, disabilities, and gender and sexual identity. Creators get the opportunity to self-identify, and allow brands to truly see them.
Our goal is to build a diverse and equitable influencer landscape, and with that in mind, we launched Cr8 Change, an ERG dedicated towards ongoing DEI initiatives.
Learn about Cr8 Change
CLIENTS
Enriching the world of Influencer  Marketing with world class customers
We are proud to have built a single source of influencer marketing truth, which is trusted by agencies, creators, and over 400+ enterprise, small, and medium businesses




AN INDUSTRY LEADER
Captiv8 is recognized as the  #1 Enterprise Leader in Influencer Marketing
Ranked #1 by both customers and validated by industry peers, Captiv8 is the #1 ranked enterprise leader in G2, rated 5 stars in Influencer Marketing Hub, a leader in Forrester, and recognized as the first platform with API-integrated data with  TikTok, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube.







Captiv8 is a great
one-stop-shop for
all things influencer related!


Finally a platform with excellent customer service!


A platform that actually understands & supports every part of the influencer marketing workflow.

Read More Reviews




MANAGED SERVICES
Elevate Your Social Success  with Captiv8's expert-driven services
SaaS+
An all-in-one comprehensive technology enabling full-funnel transparency across all campaign aspects.Learn More
Full Service
Scale your influencer programs with support from our in-house brand strategy and creative subject matter experts.Learn More
Influencer Marketing.  Creator Marketing.  Social Commerce.   Let's drive the conversation  on social media - together! 
Schedule a Demo










© Captiv8, 2023. Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and  Your Privacy Rights Reach Out
hello@captiv8.ioFollow Us

 


 




 


 


Manage Cookie Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.



Functional



Functional

Always active	





The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.



Preferences


Preferences






The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.



Statistics


Statistics






The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.




Marketing


Marketing






The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage options
Manage services
Manage vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}Manage consent          
×Our solutions experts will be in touch soon!   
×
×   
×



Sign up as a Creator or Talent ManagerSelect the option that best describes your role.






I am a Creator








I am a Talent Manager


Already have an account?
Login 
Next  

    