








carbonOS




















        Home
      


        Blog
      


        Source 



        Forum 



        Support
      



      Download
    





          This site may not function entirely correctly with JavaScript disabled.
        




    This website is still heavily WIP. Many links will lead to 404s.
    If you'd like to contribute, please go here

carbonOS
An open operating system designed from the ground-up to be intuitive and robust.









      Download
    





Intuitive
carbonOS is designed to be minimal and
            intuitive. It gets out of your way and lets you focus on your work.
            Powerful features like system-wide search and the control center
            make it easy to accomplish quick tasks without opening any other
            apps. Features like do not disturb and the overview let you separate
            work and play





Perfect Updates, Every Time
Update your systems confidently! carbonOS's
            innovative design makes sure that updates are completely safe to
            install. In fact, updates happen in the background while you're
            working, and all it takes is a reboot to apply them. If something
            does somehow go wrong, carbonOS will automatically undo
            faulty updates! You can also undo updates manually if necessary





Keeping You Safe
carbonOS takes great care to protect you and
            itself from potentially malicious programs. All system files are
            locked and read-only, making it difficult for anything to tamper
            with or hijack the OS.
            


            Apps you install are kept isolated from each other, limiting the
            impact of any vulnerabilities or malware.





Open Source
carbonOS is an open source project, meaning
            that anyone can audit, improve, remix, and redistribute its code.
            This includes security researchers, curious users, or developers
            looking to extend the system. carbonOS is built on a strong and stable
            foundation of Free and Open Source software, and we provide the
            latest technologies the GNU/Linux stack has to offer.




Sponsors
These kind organizations have made substantial
            contributions of hardware, server space, or other essential
            resources to the project. We use these donated resources to develop
            carbonOS and run all of our infrastructure.



            The Strnad Fellowship 


            Fosshost 


            GitLab for Open Source 












Contact
Brand
OEM
Privacy
Proudly hosted by Fosshost
© 2018-2023 carbonOS







