


Cassidy Williams
































Cassidy Williams
Software Engineer in Chicago






newsletter
github
twitter
timeline
codepen
linkedin

patreon



Short
Long
Speaker


					Hi there! My name is Cassidy. I'm the CTO at
					Contenda! I'm also a startup advisor
					and investor, developer experience expert, and meme-maker on the
					internet. I enjoy building mechanical keyboards, playing music, and
					teaching in my free time. 
					You should
					
						subscribe to my newsletter!
					


					Well hello there! My name is Cassidy. I'm a startup advisor and
					investor, developer experience expert, and meme-maker on the internet.
					I'm also CTO at Contenda! Before
					now, I worked at OSS Capital, Remote, Netlify, React Training,
					CodePen, Amazon, L4 Digital, Clarifai, and Venmo, and graduated from
					Iowa State University. I currently advise some companies, including
					Netlify, Centered, and Plasmic, and do some angel investing, as
					well!
					I run
					a weekly newsletter and
					love teaching and helping people become better coders! In my spare
					time, I love playing music, building mechanical keyboards and LEGO
					sets, and hanging out with
					my sister Cami. I also have
					a Patreon if you'd like
					to chat with me regularly (our Discord group is so active I can hardly
					keep up!), get resume reviews, schedule mock interviews with me, or
					just play video games. No pressure to join in, and I appreciate your
					support a ton no matter what! 
					In terms of where I am on the internet (and off), you might have seen
					me in
					Glamour Magazine
					or the
					
						Big Dream documentary
					
					a few years back, my
					Scrabble
					or
					Stack Overflow The Key
					keyboard projects in a couple dozen different publications! I also
					co-host the
					Stack Overflow Podcast
					and help write their newsletter as well. I also made a successfully
					funded
					Kickstarter project called Go: On the Go!
					to get people interested in playing the game Go. I've spoken at over a
					hundred events around the world, and have made online classes on
					Scrimba,
					Udemy,
					Skillshare, and moooore. I love speaking at events, and I have a
					speaker rider, if you'd like to
					talk to me about one you're running. I also enjoy speaking on
					podcasts! Feel free to email me at cassidy at cassidoo dot co with
					details. 
					Alright, since you've read this far, have a joke: Why are mountains so
					funny? Because they're hill areas.
				

					Cassidy loves to make memes and dreams and software. She's currently
					the CTO at Contenda. She's worked for a variety of companies, large
					and small, advises startups, and she's had the honor of working on the
					board of various non-profits. She's active in the developer community,
					and one of Glamour Magazine's 35 Women Under 35 Changing the Tech
					Industry and LinkedIn's Top Professionals 35 & Under. As an avid
					speaker, Cassidy has participated in many events including the Grace
					Hopper Celebration for Women in Computing, TEDx, the United Nations,
					and hundreds of other technical events. She wants to inspire
					generations of STEM students to be the best they can be, and her
					favorite quote is from Helen Keller: "One can never consent to creep
					when one feels an impulse to soar." She loves mechanical keyboards and
					karaoke.
					
Headshot Option 1
						-
						Headshot Option 2











