


Cauldron


Preview 


           Pricing 
  For recruiters 
  Sign in 
      
        We’ve launched Cauldron for Recruiters — now free!
       Learn more 


 Hire in under 5 days –  No matter how many apply. 
        Cauldron layers on top of your ATS and allows you to instantly qualify candidates with quick
        tasks as they apply
              
          Trusted by high-growth companies around the world.
            
        Fast-track the best right  into interviews.
       
        Filter out the noise and instantly find your best candidates  to interview — no matter the volume.
         




 
        Cauldron Platform
      




 
        Pre-screen
      




 
        Candidate Experience
      




 
        Score & Sort
      




 
        Insights & Reports
       
      Cauldron Platform
     
      Applicant Experience Platform. Designed for growth.
      
      An integrated solution designed to help growing companies hire faster — at scale
           
      Pre-screen
     
      Evaluate with job-related tasks and ditch the resume.
      
      Get more insight into who’s applying with voice questions, take-home tasks, eligibility questionnaires and more — right in the job application.
      
      “Cauldron helped us set up the perfect hiring engine to screen all candidates as they apply. Our process combines skill tests, requirement checks, as well as text/voice questions. We are now able to find the best-fit candidates and to focus on closing them.”
      
            Tatev
            
            Operations Director, Buildup
               
      Candidate Experience
     
      Applying journeys your candidates will love.
      
      Allow your applicants to save progress with passwordless sign-on. Reduce candidate drop-off and stand out as an employer by sending scheduled reminders, nurturing emails, and collecting feedback at every step.
      
      “Cauldron has helped us to cut through the noise and give voice to our candidates. When we call them, they remember exactly who we are, helping us move through the whole process faster, without any awkward moments.”
      
            Sachee
            
            CTO, Coreplan
               
      Score & Sort
     
      Screen applications 10x faster.*
     
      *We benchmarked it.
     
      Eliminate distractions and unconscious bias by scoring task responses separately to the applications. Set up collaborative workflows to split the load of your team.
           
      Insights & Reports
     
      Unique insights about your applicants.
      
      Evolve your hiring process every cycle. Convert the best candidates to hires with even higher accuracy. Derive  unique insights from hundreds of data points.
     
          True reasons for drop-off
        
          Candidate NPS and CSAT
        
          Sourcing channel performance
        
          Candidate sentiment when applying
         
      “Cauldron helps us collect feedback from candidates, allowing us to iterate and improve our hiring process. Our reports now contain more comprehensive data on funnel performance and applicant drop-off reasons.”/voice questions. We are now able to find the best-fit candidates and to focus on closing them.”
      
            Avetis
            
            CEO, Hireclout
                 
      Products that help you scale efficiently — at all stages.
      Try for free 
      TEAMS OF ONE
     
      Attract and win candidates with personalized campaigns, with a click of a button.
      For Startups 
      2-100 EMPLOYEES
     
      Get started within minutes, scales with you as you grow.
      For Growth/Enterprise 
      100+ EMPLOYEES
     
      Powerful analytics, advanced automation and enterprise-grade security.
      
        Available now — for free.
       
        Cauldron for Recruiters.
        
          Stop calling every candidate for more information. Instantly send them a quick task. Pre-screen and get a
          10-person shortlist in an hour.
              307 recruiters signed up for Cauldron this week!
          
    “In exchange for a bit of added work initially to set up and iterate on our process, our team was able to deliver a much smoother and transparent application process to our candidates. We are now able to contact qualified candidates as soon as they apply.”
   
    Anna
   
    Chief People Officer, Digitain
    
      Explore what’s possible with Cauldron.
      Quick tasks 
      BEST FOR UP TO 100 APPLICANTS
     
      Get fast responses by sending a quick question or task to a group of candidates.
      Checklist screening 
      BEST FOR UP TO 300 APPLICANTS
     
      Set up a custom applying experience to instantly pre-screen all inbound applicants.
      Multi-stage process 
      BEST FOR 300+ APPLICANTS
     
      Run applicants through a series of assessments, tasks and questions in a unified dashboard.
      
      ATS Integrations
     
      In sync with your ATS. Auto-magically.
      
      We’ve built Cauldron to be an overlay for your ATS, not replace it. Provide top-tier applicant experience, shortlist the best, and seamlessly continue tracking them in your Tracking System.
      
      Not sure if your ATS in our list? Get in touch with us!
          
      Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
     
      Remove the bias from the hiring equation.
            
          Establish a fair screening process with Cauldron's Scoring System. Your team only sees data that is
          role-focused, without being exposed to personal, sensitive or irrelevant data.
         
          Interested in how Cauldron can help you reach your DEI goals? Let’s talk!
          Start achieving your recruiting goals. 
        Get started with Cauldron in under 10 minutes.Already using Cauldron?
       
        Sign in
          
          Backed by
          
          On Deck
         
      © 2023 Cauldron App, Inc.
     Product Cauldron for Recruiters Cauldron Overview Pricing Resources Support Hiring Process Calculator Free Preview Image Generator Terms of Service Privacy Policy 


