








CB Insights - Technology Market Intelligence






































 











Skip to content



Technology Vendors
Recent Research
Newsletter
Media Support
Login
 






 



Toggle Main Menu


Who We Serve

Function

Corporate Strategy
Corporate Venture Capital
Venture Capital
IT
Corporate Innovation

How VCs use CB Insights
Go to the video gallery →
 

Industries

Consumer & Retail
Tech
Insurance
Healthcare
Industrials
Financial Services
Professional Services

Professional Services
Learn more →
 

Success Stories


How We Help

Understand Tech Markets
Anticipate Competitor Strategy
Determine Tech Strategy
Connect with Tech Vendors & Partners
Turbocharge Digital Transformation


What We Offer

Platform

Overview
Technology Search Engine

Platform Overview
Learn more →
 Market Analytics and Visualizations
Team Management and Collaboration


Data
Research
Analyst Briefings
API & Data Feeds
Integrations

Overview
Chrome and Edge

Integrations Overview
Learn more about our integrations →
 Salesforce
Affinity
Microsoft Excel
Google Sheets
Microsoft Teams
Slack
Google Slides


App Partners
Pricing


About Us

Overview
Our Teams

Business Development
Engineering
Operations
Product
See all →


Open Jobs


 
Join a demo 

Contact Us 






 







How















understands

fintech.
VC trends.
innovation.
digital health.
tech, media & telecom.
insurtech.


Our platform enables the world’s most important organizations to make technology decisions quickly and with confidence.


Get free trial 
  No Credit Card Required




Your browser does not support the video element. 










Loved by the world’s smartest companies
















































With CB Insights, we are finding the right opportunities, and adding relationships in an entirely new, refreshing way. It also allows us to be more thoughtful about approaching companies that are well matched to our capabilities.

Rahul Baig
Managing Director, Wells Fargo



View video 


 




It saves me over $200,000 per year and gives me the peace of mind that I will never miss a thing.

Judit Tejada
Strategic Insights Consultant, Moffitt Cancer Center



View success story 


 




There’s so much more than just good research. It’s the only platform with real-time visibility into every emerging tech market, and it’s become my starting point for every project.

Moran Haviv
Strategic Innovation, Microsoft



View success story 


 




We use CB Insights in almost every deal somewhere along the way…we’ve rarely gotten on the phone with a company that we haven’t researched on CB Insights.

James Loftus
Global Ecosystem Lead, Block



View success story 


 




It helps us compress our time-to-decision when analyzing data and getting an external view on what’s happening in the market so we can quickly take action.

Meraj Mohammad
GM/VP, ADP Ventures



View video 


 




CB Insights enables Sitel Group to uncover new business opportunities that are at least 20x the value of an annual subscription.

Hilary Hahn
Vice President, Emerging Brands, Sitel Group



View video 


 




CB Insights gave us the tools to zero in on the fintech companies that best matched the problems and opportunities identified by our business units.

Vanessa Fernandes
Digital Assets CEO, Itaú BBA



View success story 


 




With CB Insights, we’ve taken the guesswork out of innovation, allowing us to take on bold new businesses without having to roll the dice.

Ben Wright
Vice President, 3M Ventures



View success story 


 




The CB Insights platform is my team’s go-to source for in-depth data and expert insights on innovation in our space.

Ruth Yomtoubian
Head of Global Innovation Center, VSP



View success story 


 




I know that the research is data-driven, conversational, and condensed enough for me to share with my team.

Nicole Harper
Director of Corporate Strategy, Jack Henry & Associates



View success story 


 

































Our recent research





August 21, 2023
The employee health benefits market map




August 18, 2023
Analyzing Caterpillar’s growth strategy: How the heavy equipment leader is building connected and sustainable job sites




August 17, 2023
The state of digital twins for manufacturing in 5 charts









From tech discovery to decision in 3 steps


1. What’s going on in technology?
Get one step ahead of the technology trends, markets, business models and companies that you need to know. 
And that’s just step 1. Armed with that knowledge, we help you move from discovery to design.











2. What should I do about it?
Knowledge of what’s going on in tech is necessary. But it’s not enough. 
What are you going to pursue? 
We mine the world’s biggest technology dataset to help you figure out the markets, the technologies and the business models that are worth your time, energy and resources.
That’s step 2 of 3.






3. Who should I 

partner with?
acquire?
purchase?
invest in?


Finally, you have to decide on who to work with. There are 10s, sometimes 100s, of tech companies in every market. And they all seem great.
We combine proprietary data submitted by companies with our predictive algorithms and analyst research so you can quickly and confidently pick the best companies.
3 steps – it’s that easy. All on a single platform.













Tech market intel so good it should be illegal





See tomorrow's tech markets, today


Get ahead of the tech markets changing your business 
See where the opportunities are before they happen. Find them in our platform.
Find out how →




Anticipate competitor strategy


See what your competition is planning before it’s too late
Only our data gives you the insights into your competitors’ next move. 
Find out how →




Determine your tech strategy


See where the real opportunities are 
Avoid the companies that are all hype and focus on the ones with real potential. How? Start with our data and research.
Get started →




Connect with tech vendors & partners


Find best tech companies to work with
Separate the companies that are all hype from those that can get the job done. It’s all in our platform.
Learn more →




Turbocharge digital transformation


We make managing startup relationships easy
Every company of interest, all in one place. Keeping track of your funnel has never been easier.
Find out how →







Get ahead of the tech markets changing your business 
See where the opportunities are before they happen. Find them in our platform.
Find out how →




Discover how Wells Fargo finds emerging tech opportunities
Learn more →




See who’s going to disrupt healthcare with the Digital Health 150.
See it →





See what your competition is planning before it’s too late
Only our data gives you the insights into your competitors’ next move. 
Find out how →




Get a clear picture of private company players with an ESP Matrix report.
See an example →




Find out how the Mosaic Score predicts company success.
Get the details →





See where the real opportunities are 
Avoid the companies that are all hype and focus on the ones with real potential. How? Start with our data and research.
Get started →




Track investments, acquisitions, partnerships and more.
Learn more →




Never update a competitor tracking spreadsheet again.
Here’s how →





Find best tech companies to work with
Separate the companies that are all hype from those that can get the job done. It’s all in our platform.
Learn more →




Understand what’s happening now with State Of reports.
See an example →




See how 3M navigates a complex startup ecosystem
Find out how →





We make managing startup relationships easy
Every company of interest, all in one place. Keeping track of your funnel has never been easier.
Find out how →




Decide your next move and sell it to the team.
Get started →




Design your strategy with our data.
Learn more →


 










CB Insights is the most trusted source for technology market insights.
















































Funding for fintech startups soared to $131.5 billion last year from $49 billion in 2020, according to CB Insights.
Which Fintech Startups Are Attracting the Most Startup Funding?

The Wall Street Journal
 







Figures from CB Insights, a market intelligence company, show that almost $7bn was invested in healthcare start-ups by the venture capital arms of Big Tech — Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, Google and Amazon — in the year and a half to mid-2021.
Big Tech Jockeys for Position in Scramble for Health Data Primacy

Financial Times
 







Equity investors for years viewed semiconductor companies as too costly to set up, but in 2020 plowed more than $12 billion into 407 chip-related companies, according to CB Insights.
New Ideas are Flooding into the Semiconductor Industry Even as Chip Shortages Remain

The New York Times
 







CB Insights, a data provider, estimates that investments in digital-health startups nearly doubled in 2021, to $57bn…
How Healthcare is Turning into a Consumer Product

The Economist
 







To put it into perspective, per CB Insights 2021 data, venture capital activity around the world was up around 4x since 2016, and 2021 more than doubled 2020’s record-setting result of just under $300 billion in total activity.
Venture Capitalists Fell in Love with Europe Last Year

Tech Crunch
 







Yet more services are coming online—as of September, CB Insights found that fintech funding had surpassed $94.7 billion—and existing fintechs are broadening their base.
Gen Zers are paying around 4 times what Boomers pay in checking account fees

Fortune
 







According to research by CB Insights, 9 out of 10 startups fail due to the lack of need for their product
Blueprint For Creating An Effective Digital Banking Strategy

Forbes
 







There are more than 960 unicorns, per CB Insights. The prior figure was just north of 800.
The number of startup “dragons” keeps climbing

Axios
 







CB Insights data shows that in 2021, healthcare funding reached $97.1 billion in the third quarter, representing 22% of the capital raised all year.
The telehealth bubble has burst. Time to figure out what’s next

Fast Company
 







In the first nine months of 2021, Latino startups from Brazil’s online lender Nubank to Colombian delivery firm Rappi raised $14.8 billion in new money, a jump of 174% since last year, data provided to Reuters by CBInsights showed.
Tech Stampede as Investors Hunt Latin American Unicorns

Reuters
 








































 
498 Seventh Avenue 12th floor
New York, NY 10018
info@cbinsights.com
212 292 3148
Follow Us On Social




About

About Us
Upcoming Webinars
Contact Us


How We Help

Understand Tech Markets
Anticipate Competitor Strategy
Create Tech Strategy
Connect with Tech Vendors
Digital Transformation


What We Offer

Platform
Data
Research Overview
Pricing


Popular Research

Digital Health 150
Fintech 250
Retail Tech 100
Unicorn Tracker
Company Directory
VC Glossary
ESP Market Matrix Directory
Company List Applications
Featured Insights


 




CB Insights Website Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Info
Partnerships
 

Copyright 2023 CB Information Services, Inc. All rights reserved.









We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.

Accept
















Close GDPR Cookie Settings









Privacy Overview




Strictly Necessary Cookies




Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance








Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.



Strictly Necessary Cookies

Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




Enable or Disable Cookies







If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.







Enable All
Save Settings









