






















        CLOC    























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Skip to Page Content


Join CLOC 
 Community Login
 

Search our site























Toggle Navigation




Membership

Join CLOC
Regional Groups
Benefits
CLOC Member Badges
FAQ


Resources

Industry Career Center
Guides & Templates
What is Legal Operations?
CLOC Survey Insights


Events

Events & Education
Event Calendar
CLOC Global Institute
EMEA Summit
Podcasts & Webinars


News & Publications

Blog and Whitepapers
Around the CLOC
CLOC in the News
CLOC eBooks


Solutions Directory

Pricing and benefits


Programs & Initiatives

LIO Project
Scholarship Winners
Scholarship Program


Sponsorships & Advertising
About Us

CLOC Leadership
CLOC Bylaws
CLOC Staff
Education Advisory Council (EAC)
DEIB Council
Contact Us


 


Join CLOC
 Community Login














Search our site











Cloc Homepage







Join us for the CLOC EMEA Summit in London

A must-attend for legal operations professionals in the EMEA region, the #CLOCEMEA Summit anticipates more than 400 attendees from a diverse range of sectors. With a firm focus on AI and adaptability, the Summit is designed to collectively advance the business and practice of law. We invite you to contribute to the influential discussions, form connections with like-minded professionals, and share your expertise.
CLOC EMEA Summit: September 18-19, 2023.

Register Today 










Announcing New Legal Ops Solutions Directory

Exciting news for all CLOC members!   Visit the new powerful Tech Hub and Legal Ops Solutions Directory.
The new platform goes far beyond simple directory of vendors catering to in-house teams and professionals.
Click on the image to watch a short video preview.

Read More 










Matter Lifecycle Management eBook Released

The CLOC Legal Project Management Committee is excited to announce the publication of version 2.0 of the Matter Lifecycle Management (MLM) Guide. Developed specifically to address the needs of the legal department and the progression of a matter as it moves through the process stages of intake, planning, execution and review, this guide is inclusive of both in-house and/or outside counsel involvement.
This robust eBook is now available to the entire legal community.

Read More 









Join us for the CLOC EMEA Summit in LondonA must-attend for legal operations professionals in the EMEA region, the #CLOCEMEA Summit anticipates more than 400 attendees from a diverse range of sectors. With a firm focus on AI and adaptability, the Summit is designed to collectively advance the business and practice of law. We invite you to contribute to the influential discussions, form connections with like-minded professionals, and share your expertise.

CLOC EMEA Summit: September 18-19, 2023.Register TodayAnnouncing New Legal Ops Solutions DirectoryExciting news for all CLOC members!   Visit the new powerful Tech Hub and Legal Ops Solutions Directory.

The new platform goes far beyond simple directory of vendors catering to in-house teams and professionals.

Click on the image to watch a short video preview.Read MoreMatter Lifecycle Management eBook ReleasedThe CLOC Legal Project Management Committee is excited to announce the publication of version 2.0 of the Matter Lifecycle Management (MLM) Guide. Developed specifically to address the needs of the legal department and the progression of a matter as it moves through the process stages of intake, planning, execution and review, this guide is inclusive of both in-house and/or outside counsel involvement.

This robust eBook is now available to the entire legal community.Read More





What is Legal Ops?
An ever-evolving and vital role within the legal department, CLOC explains the role of Legal Operations within a team that plans for challenges before they arrive. 
Learn More















Recent

Celebrating Legal Innovation at the ALITA Awards 2023 — CLOC Joins as a Supporting Organization









  

Recent

Entity Management Technology











Recent

Legal transformation: The shock of the new











Recent

How to Transform Contracting with a Holistic Strategy










Resources for Legal Ops



							Survey, Metrics, Reports						




							Access Institute Sessions						




							Vendor Directory						




							Guides & Templates						

 













CLOC Innovation Series 

Get the very best thinking from some of the world’s leading legal operations leaders. 














Industry Jobs

Find your next legal operations opportunity through the Job Board listings.





















Start Your Day With Cloc
Sign up for the Around the CLOC, news, events, updates and invitations.



First Name



Last Name



Title



Company



Email Address*



Privacy Policy


 

						Join
					
Don't show this again













Please provide information to continue
Subscribe to CLOC and download the latest eBook.
 Please Fill the required Fields 



First Name*



Last Name*



Title*



Company*



Email Address*



Privacy Policy


 


						Unlock

					










 







Join CLOC
Guides & Templates
Events & Education
Blog and Whitepapers
CLOC Leadership
CLOC Job Board
 

Privacy Policy
Antitrust Guidelines
Terms of Use
Contact Us
 












 



Become a Member
Subscribe to CLOC's monthly newsletter


Enter your email to subscribe to our newsletter

Subscribe



























© 2023 Corporate Legal Operations Consortium. All Rights Reserved.






We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you consent to store on your device all the technologies described in our Privacy Policy. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to change your settings if you do not want cookies to be placed on your device, please read our Privacy Policy.
Accept Cookies





















