






Grepper | The Query & Answer System for the Coder Community


























 SEARCH  



 COMMUNITY 

  API  
  DOCS  

 INSTALL GREPPER 
 Log In 
 Signup 




“” Code Answer 
You may not remember next time either, so install Grepper.

Copy To Clipboard




 The Query & Answer System for the Ambitious Developer 



Develop faster, master your code, understand more, grow in your career.


INSTALL GREPPER FOR CHROME 

or download for another browser







The ultimate RAM upgrade for your brain, easily snag and access code answers.  

    Accrue code answers to common coding problems, find code answers without thinking - using Greppers “code problem” search engine.
    

INSTALL GREPPER












Easily save code answers from around the web.

        After you google search a code problem, you can use grepper’s “easy code snag” to easily save a code answers to Grepper.
    

INSTALL GREPPER






Access your code answers without thinking. 

    Next time you search a similar code problem, Greppers “code search engine” will show your answers at the top of your google results.
    

INSTALL GREPPER












Contribute, Vote & Earn with public Grepper answers

    Our goal is to provide you with the right answer for the specific coding spot you are in, we do this by using coder feedback from other folks who ran into your same coding problem. By contributing answers not only will you help other coders out, you can also earn by receiving donations from other thankful coders.
    

INSTALL GREPPER





Why you should use Grepper 
Develop Faster 

Having answers at the top of your search results keeps you from having to scour forums for the correct answer, having quick access to the right answer allows you to stay in the "developer zone" (you know that thing where there is no distance from you and the computer).

Learn & constantly improve your coding skills

By providing an answer to a code problem your future self will be sure to thank you. First you are very likely to know to solve that problem the next time your come across it, and if you happen to forget, your future self will help remind you with an answer as soon as you google search the problem. By answers code problems you deepen and broaden your coding skills, putting you at the top of the developer community.

Grow your Career 

Being an innovator and at the forefront of technology is one of the keys for developers looking to grow into higher level roles such as CTO or lead & senior developer. Of course, Grepper won’t do everything to get you there, but getting in the habit of using tools that enhance your development flow is a must if you want to lead teams or even companies. We believe that Grepper should be a core part of that suite of developer tools you use.

Innovate, Earn & Lead the way

The Grepper community is growing fast, and as the community grows more and more developers will see and use your answers. Every time your answer shows up in a search, another developer will have an opportunity to donate to your paypal account. As the community grows, we will also host virtual code & learn sessions where developers around the world meet virtually and will work on coding projects together. We hope to create long term opportunities and connections for ambitious and skilled developers all around the world.



 Other Developers on Grepper 

‹

›





Browse Answers By Code Lanaguage 
 Select a Programming Language


 Shell/Bash 


 C# 


 C++ 


 C 


 CSS 


 Html 


 Java 


 Javascript 


 Objective-C 


 PHP 


 Python 


 SQL 


 Swift 


 Whatever 


 Ruby 


 TypeScript 


 Go 


 Kotlin 


 Assembly 


 R 


 VBA 


 Scala 


 Rust 


 Dart 


 Elixir 


 Clojure 


 WebAssembly 


 F# 


 Erlang 


 Haskell 


 Matlab 


 Cobol 


 Fortran 


 Scheme 


 Perl 


 Groovy 


 Lua 


 Julia 


 Delphi 


 Abap 


 Lisp 


 Prolog 


 Pascal 


 PostScript 


 Smalltalk 


 ActionScript 


 BASIC 


 Solidity 


 PowerShell 


 GDScript 


 Excel 








 Grepper 
Features
Reviews
 Code Answers
Search Code Snippets


Endorsed Products
 FAQ
 Welcome
Browsers Supported
Grepper Teams



 Documentation 
Adding a Code Snippet
Viewing & Copying Snippets 


 Social 
 Twitter 

LinkedIn


 Legal 
Privacy Policy
Terms


 Contact 
support@codegrepper.com






















