



Cognito Forms: Free Online Form Builder





























































 
	Skip Main Navigation
    
									Product
									 Templates Pricing 
									Resources
									  Log In Sign Up   User Guides Explore tutorials on form-building, calculations, payment, data integrations and more. Best Practices Learn to build better forms and leverage them for greater impact on your organization. Customer Stories Gather ideas and inspiration from others who automate work using Cognito Forms. Contact Support Connect with a team member to receive product support and other assistance. Blog Explore feature releases, news stories and the latest from inside our organization. 
				Resources
			      
				Featured Article
			  Enhance your Form Security with Authenticated Forms  Haley N. | February 13, 2023 Cognito Forms users can now take their security to the next level by optionally restricting form access to just members of their organization with our new authenticated forms feature. 
			Read the Article
		   Data Collection Easily gather, format, and validate data through different field types.Workflow Automation Build flexible, efficient workflows that help you engage the right people at the right time.Data Management Organize, configure and transfer data, and create reports and documents.Security & Compliance Stay compliant with HIPAA, GDPR, CCPA and other privacy regulations.Integrations Expand functionality through native apps and third-party integrations.Online Payment Conduct secure online transactions through your choice of payment partners. 
				Product
			      My Account My Forms Support 
					Log Out
				   Easily Build Powerful Forms Easily Build Powerful Forms 
							From simple surveys to complex registration forms. In just minutes, you can create the forms you need with our easy-to-use form builder.
						 
							Collect data, accept payments, and create powerful workflows to automate your business and work more efficiently.
						 
						Sign Up for Free!
					        Workflows that really work. Engage the right people at the right time. Go beyond approvals with workflow features that allow you to engage anyone in multi-step processes. Request approvals, payment, signatures, feedback and more. Control every step of the process, from start to finish. Automate your processes and create flexible workflows with steps that can happen in any order or even at the same time. 
						Explore Workflow
					 Service Request  
			Customer
		    New Submission When do you need service? 
					9/21/2023
					 
						Request Service
					    Quote Requested Estimated Cost 
					$74.32
					 
						Send Quote
					
						Request Info
					    Customer Review Service is scheduled for 9/21/2023.Bid total $74.32  
						Accept and Pay
					
						Reject
					   Explore the features of our low-code platform and realize the potential for automating your work.  Data Collection 
						Easily customize how you collect information for surveys, order forms, lead forms, approval processes and more.
					  Workflow Automation 
						Build flexible, efficient workflows that help you engage the right people at the right time.
					  Data Management 
						View, sort and filter until the information you need is at your fingertips.
					  Security & Compliance 
						Protect your customers, your organization and all the information you collect. And stay compliant with data privacy regulations.
					  Integrations 
						Use Zapier, Microsoft Power Automate or Make to exchange data with thousands of applications.
					  Online Payment 
						Accept online payments directly through your forms – using Square, Stripe or PayPal.
					 
					Start Building Now
				 Used by innovators around the globe   VaxRegistration.com Learn how VaxRegistration used Cognito Forms to streamline COVID-19 vaccinations for more than 1.2 million people. Learn More    United Way of the Midlands Read on how a non-profit near and dear to us uses Cognito Forms to integrate internal processes and help organize local charitable events. Learn More    Money Fit Check out how a non-profit credit counseling agency provides learning courses through Cognito Forms to promote financial stability. Learn More    Company About Careers Referral Program Write Us Support User Guides Blog Request Help Status Industries 
							Church
						
							Healthcare
						
							Human Resources
						
							Information Technology
						
							Higher Education
						
							Local Government
						
							Marketing
						
							Nonprofits
						
							Real Estate
						
							K-12 Education
						
							Restaurants & Catering
						
							Sales
						
							Travel Agency
						 Templates 
							Application Forms
						
							Contact Forms
						
							Customer Service Forms
						
							Order Forms
						
							Registration Forms
						
							Groups & Events
						
							Reporting Forms
						
							Survey Forms & Quizzes
						 Facebook  Twitter  LinkedIn  YouTube  Instagram  Terms of Service Privacy Policy 
				Copyright © 2023 Cognito LLC, All rights reserved.
				Part of the Cognito AppsSM family of products.
			 




