











cohost!






















log insign upposting, but better.cohost is a new social media platform built from the ground up by a small team of developers and designers who like sharing things on the internet.get startedeggbug!eggbugno ads, no tracking. forever.cohost will never sell your data, sell ads, or
                                sell the company to anyone who might change
                                these policies to make a quick buck.algorithm? what algorithm?all your follows’ posts, in the order they were
                                posted, in a timeline that goes vertically.
                                clear and effective moderation done by humans.here’s our whole business model.for now, you can give us a few bucks a month to
                                help us keep the lights on. soon we’ll let you
                                take tips and sell subscriptions to help you
                                keep the lights on too.bradleysoupconsultantboubaboubaeggbug!eggbugI think bold text on cohost should always be in papyrusboubaboubaI think bold text on cohost should always be in papyrusbradleysoupconsultantcohostpapyrusundertale6 commentsour core ideasnobody has gotten it quite right yetwe think existing platforms have some good ideas,
                                    but no one’s managed to create one without profound
                                    flaws. we’re borrowing liberally from other sites,
                                    but we want to build cohost into something that
                                    works well and serves its users rather than
                                    just another clone.there is value in being in the same place as everyoneon a web without functioning search engines,
                                    blogs and friends-only sites may be okay for
                                    some, but they leave people who are scraping
                                    by on public visibility and word of mouth in
                                    the lurch.…but nobody wants a digital panopticonon modern social media, there is an ever-present
                                    fear that someone will see your post, have their
                                    own bad faith interpretation, and decide to ruin
                                    your day over it. platforms are often built to
                                    encourage this sort of behavior to drive up
                                    engagement, but they don’t have to be.metrics are ruining our livesmodern social media is designed around a
                                    vicious feedback loop that keeps users Engaged
                                    at the expense of their mental health, all
                                    in order to make their executives more money.the value of social media is its postswe aren’t the ones providing the most important
                                    part of cohost — you are. cohost exists to give
                                    you ways to express yourself and stay in touch with your
                                    friends.cohost isn’t finished yet.we’re building around users, not profit.coming soon to cohostfinding new thingsdiscovering new posts is tricky without algorithms,
                                but we’re committed to getting it right and trying
                                new things until we get there. curation should be
                                done by people, not computers.selling your stuffan on-site tip jar and subscription management with
                                supporters-only posts, returning any surplus to
                                you by lowering platform fees, instead of pocketing it.getting your inputrunning cohost is our job and it shouldn’t have to
                                be yours too — but we’re building out systems that
                                let users provide meaningful input into how we
                                should run it.brought to you by anti software software club.a software company that hates the software industry.we are a group of three developers and designers—and maybe more soon!—with very strong opinions about how to operate a software company. we’ve all left jobs at conventional tech companies to build cohost and we’re thrilled we finally get to share it with the world. you can read more about us, including our manifesto, on our main website. ASSC is not-for-profit and 100% worker owned.ready to post?sign up for cohost© 2023 anti software software club llcthanks for using cohostLegalTerms of UsePrivacy NoticeCommunity GuidelinesAboutinstall cohost on your phone@staffSupportCreditscohost statusCareers