







Compass Point Capital























































0








      Skip to Content
    




























        Company Services
      



        Our Mission
      



        Contact
      
















Open Menu
Close Menu
































        Company Services
      



        Our Mission
      



        Contact
      
















Open Menu
Close Menu























        Company Services
      





        Our Mission
      





        Contact
      






















Facilitating Philanthropy














a Marketplace connecting donors to Natural & Historical Projects across America













Donor Representative













We serve as Philanthropic Consultants for those seeking to make a difference across America’s natural & historical landscape.By creating original philanthropic opportunities, or sourcing existing ones, we facilitate unique and memorable donor experiences that fortify legacies and endure the test of time.

 

Project Representative













We connect capital to projects across America’s natural & historical landscapes through two approaches: Active Approach: Orchestrating capital campaigns focused on unique strategies, execution certainty, and campaign management.Passive Approach: Sharing project donation opportunities within our network of donors.  	 
















For Donors














We Provide Philanthropy as a Service













We deploy capital donations to create, conserve and restore natural and historical areas of significance across America. By serving as donor representatives, we develop unique giving opportunities based on individual donor interests. Once opportunities are identified, we facilitate the implementation process, ensuring projects are properly planned, executed, and monitored with the goal of maximizing future public benefit. By doing so, we seek to fortify the path towards a better tomorrow while helping donors create and solidify their defined legacy.













Our donors play a lead role in defining their legacies as they co-captain a team to complete a project in-line with their interests. We call it “philanthropy as a service.” Their donation will fund a project’s creation and their vision will help determine how that project is completed & enjoyed for generations to come. We assist in identifying personally meaningful philanthropic opportunities before strategically planning, preforming due diligence and successfully implementing those ideas.This is a different form of philanthropy. One fueled by a quest to discover and disseminate knowledge. More than handing over funds for discretionary use, donor insight & guidance will influence the project’s development. Donors enjoy a firsthand look into the long dormant secrets of history as they are rediscovered and prepared for societal enjoyment. Our goal is to ensure project success while providing donors the opportunity to be as involved in the process as they desire. Donors should consider this a culmination of life’s hard work, its passions and experiences. An achievement so powerfully enduring, it will forever be preserved and enjoyed by our society; long after they are gone, and far into the future.




    Donor Rep. Printout
  
















For Projects














We Help Unlock Capital SourcesCompass Point Capital is positioned to help organizations successfully fundraise for projects that encompass American nature and history. We invite any organization, regardless of size, to join our project community in an effort to ensure future generations have the opportunity to experience the meaningful natural and historical places we are working diligently to maintain. Our partnerships follow one of two approaches:













Active Approach: Compass Point Capital partners with organizations by using unique and creative fundraising initiatives to proactively raise capital on behalf of a specific project. Our services are customizable, and can include brand positioning, marketing, and fundraising ideation, strategy, execution & management.With an Active Approach, Compass Point Capital advocates on behalf of a specific project.










Photo Credit: Pete Lerro





Passive Approach: Compass Point Capital is creating a marketplace connecting projects to donors. By first understanding an organization's project, we are then able to offer that project to our donor network.With a Passive Approach, Compass Point Capital represents the donor; finding philanthropic opportunities that meet a donor's donation criteria. Once we are aware of a project in need of funding, we are able to present it as a philanthropic opportunity to our donor network.

Join Our Community  


























Company Services   |   Our Mission   |   Contactspencer@compasspointcap.com  |  239 896 0331  |  11351 Compass Point Drive, Fort Myers, FL 33908



















Stay in the loop
Sign up to receive news and updates.





First Name



Last Name




Email Address






Sign Up






Thank you!





Privacy Policy  |  Compass Point Capital LLC











