






Compass Point Capital






























Compass Point CapitalHigh-end Business Brokers / M&ASelling
How to Sell Your Business
Free eBook
Valuation Guide
Articles
About Us
California High-End Business Broker / M&A Advisors Selling Million Dollar BusinessesWe sell the largest of small businesses.
Compass Point specializes in the sale of companies that are too large for a main street business broker, yet are too small for a larger M&A firm or investment bank.  We create a marketing plan specific to your business, and we execute that plan in an obsessive search for buyers. We can guide you to a successful exit of your company.
 Learn More About Us

Free eBook – How to Sell Your Lower Middle Market BusinessMost books cover either small “main street” businesses or much larger “M&A” level deals. We have authored a 130 page free eBook  focused on mid-size companies – like yours. We also have a more complete 200 page book available here on Amazon.
 Get Your eBook…

What is a Business Business Broker?  Asset vs. Stock Sale?We answer some serious questions in an entertaining series of 2 minute videos. What exactly is a Business Broker?  An M&A Advisor? How do they make their money?  What is the difference between an asset sale and a stock sale?
 Watch and Learn …

Free Video Course: How to Sell Your Business 

Receive a higher price. Walk away with more cash. Pay less taxes. Avoid common traps. Get prepared for the most important transaction in your life with this free video series on selling your business.  This program is an educational and … Go to Videos...


Most Recent Blog Posts


Small Business or Middle Market Company?


The Quick and Easy Deal


Selling a Business Blog


Buyer/Seller Meetings, Management Meetings: All Good


Construction Company Valuations Finally Coming Back?



What our Clients Say
“I had no idea how much work was involved in getting a deal done.  Graeme and Ney were key to getting the deal to close.” – Mark Stapleton, PowerChem Technologies.
 

Connect With UsCompass Point Capital, Inc.
Sacramento, CA
P: 530-304-0181
E: infocompasspointcapitalcom
F: 866-663-9049

Copyright © 2023 Compass Point Capital, Inc. · Site Photography Copyright Ney Grant 

