


  




Conda — conda   documentation


































 conda
          

          
          

                latest
              










Conda
Conda-build
Miniconda
Help and support
Contributing
Conda license







conda





Docs »
Conda

 Edit on GitHub







Conda¶






Package, dependency and environment management for any
language—Python, R, Ruby, Lua, Scala, Java, JavaScript, C/ C++,
Fortran, and more.
Conda is an open source package management system and environment
management system that runs on Windows, macOS, and Linux. Conda
quickly installs, runs and updates packages and their dependencies.
Conda easily creates, saves, loads and switches between environments
on your local computer. It was created for Python programs, but it
can package and distribute software for any language.
Conda as a package manager helps you find and install packages.
If you need a package that requires a different version of
Python, you do not need to switch to a different environment
manager, because conda is also an environment manager. With just
a few commands, you can set up a totally separate environment to
run that different version of Python, while continuing to run
your usual version of Python in your normal environment.
In its default configuration, conda can install and manage the
thousand packages at repo.anaconda.com that are built, reviewed
and maintained by Anaconda®.
Conda can be combined with continuous integration systems such
as Travis CI and AppVeyor to provide frequent, automated testing
of your code.
The conda package and environment manager is included in all versions of
Anaconda and Miniconda.
Conda is also included in Anaconda Enterprise, which provides on-site enterprise
package and environment management for Python, R, Node.js, Java and other
application stacks. Conda is also available on conda-forge,
a community channel. You may also get conda on PyPI,
but that approach may not be as up to date.







Next 




        © Copyright 2017, Anaconda, Inc.
      
        
          Revision 02ba5b96.
        


  Built with Sphinx using a theme provided by Read the Docs. 








 Read the Docs
      v: latest
      



Versions
latest
main


Downloads
html


On Read the Docs

Project Home


Builds



      Free document hosting provided by Read the Docs.

    




