



An Architect's View
















Toggle navigation




An Architect's View



Home
Archives

Presentations

RSS
tech.lgbt










Long-Term Funding, Update #4

August 30, 2023


In my previous Long-Term Funding update
I said I would review/overhaul the "ecosystem" and "tutorials" sections.
Continue reading →


deps.edn and monorepos XI (Polylith)

July 15, 2023


This is part of an ongoing series of blog posts about our ever-evolving use of the Clojure CLI,
deps.edn, and Polylith, with our monorepo at
World Singles Networks.
Continue reading →


Long-Term Funding, Update #3

June 29, 2023


In my previous Long-Term Funding update
I said I would review/overhaul the Libraries pages (both authoring and the directory)
and write the tools.build cookbook.The library authoring guide
has been rewritten to use the Clojure CLI, deps-new, and deps-deploy and
was well-received by the community, who provided some useful feedback that I
have also incorporated into the guide.The information from the library directory has been integrated into
The Clojure Toolbox
via a couple of Pull Requests that
added optional tool-tip descriptions
and libraries that were on clojure-doc
but missing from the Toolbox. Thanks to James Reeves for accepting those PRs!What else did I get done?
Continue reading →


Long-Term Funding, Update #2

April 30, 2023


In my previous Long-Term Funding update
I said that I planned "to review and/or overhaul the Getting Started,
Introduction, and Web Development sections, with a focus on the latter."
(of the clojure-doc.org website).I mostly achieved that goal but didn't get to the additional goal I set of writing
a tools.build cookbook. I have sketched out the topics I hope to cover in
that cookbook, however.How did the past two months go?
Continue reading →


Calva, Joyride, and Portal

April 16, 2023


Back in December, 2022, I described my original Calva, Joyride, and Portal setup.
I've been very happy with it all but, of course, I continue to tweak and update
my development environment and my projects, and now that
Clojure 1.12.0 Alpha 2 is available
with add-libs-style functionality built-in, I've updated various projects
and my dot-clojure
and vscode-calva-setup
GitHub repos to take advantage of that, so I figured an updated version of that post
was warranted.My development environment is VS Code, running on Windows, with all my
Clojure-related files and processes running on WSL2 (Ubuntu).
I use Calva,
Portal,
and Joyride
to enhance and automate my day-to-day work.
Continue reading →


Long-Term Funding, Update #1

February 28, 2023


As part of Clojurists Together's Long-Term Funding for 2023
I talked about working on clojure-doc.org
which I had resurrected a few years ago, as a GitHub Pages project,
powered by Cryogen.
Continue reading →


Calva, Joyride, and Portal

December 18, 2022


An updated version of this post describes my latest Calva, Joyride, and Portal setup.I've mentioned in several posts over the years that I switched my
development setup from Emacs to Atom, initially with ProtoREPL and later
with Chlorine, and then to VS Code, initially with Clover (a port of
Chlorine) and more recently with
Calva.
There were several detours along the way, but that is the overall arc.I've also mentioned a couple of times that I use
Portal
now, as an extension inside VS Code (after previously using Reveal and, before
that, Cognitect's REBL).I've also published my
VS Code and Calva setup
files on GitHub.But I haven't really talked about what that experience is like on a
day-to-day basis or any specifics of my integrated workflow.
Continue reading →


deps.edn and monorepos X (Polylith)

December 7, 2022


This is part of an ongoing series of blog posts about our ever-evolving use of the Clojure CLI,
deps.edn, and Polylith, with our monorepo at
World Singles Networks.
Continue reading →


deps.edn and monorepos IX (Polylith)

November 5, 2022


This is part of an ongoing series of blog posts about our ever-evolving use of the Clojure CLI,
deps.edn, and Polylith, with our monorepo at
World Singles Networks.
Continue reading →


Social Media Revisited

October 30, 2022


About a year ago I posted that I had deleted both my Twitter and Facebook accounts.In March, my wife & I visited friends and family in England (for the first time
in three years) as my mother had been diagnosed with AAA (abdominal
aortic aneurysm) and it had grown substantially -- the doctor has given her
"months" to live, although she's already lasted longer than that!
Continue reading →


Next »






About This Blog
Sean Corfield, Software Architect, offers his views on the world of software development.
Masthead image © Vernon Viehe.

Recent Posts

Long-Term Funding, Update #4
deps.edn and monorepos XI (Polylith)
Long-Term Funding, Update #3
Long-Term Funding, Update #2
Calva, Joyride, and Portal


GitHub Repos


Status updating...

@seancorfield on GitHub
                
                


Tags

diversity
strange loop
frege
clojure
polylith
boot
conferences
process
editors
java
joyride
personal
atom
tools.build
calva
windows
monorepo
community
jdbc
honeysql
portal
clojurists together
clojure-doc.org
conj
leiningen
javascript
observability
clojure-clr
presentations
new relic
vs code
clj-commons
open source





Copyright © 2023 Sean Corfield
        Powered by Cryogen






