


Charles River Associates






 
      Skip to Content
     This website will offer limited functionality in this browser. We only support the recent versions of major browsers like Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge.    CRA 
          About Us
         
          Our People
         
          Services
        
          Industries
        
          Insights & Events
        
          Careers
           Locations Engagements Contact CRA Investor Relations       When the stakes are highest, experience counts for more. For more than 50 years, we’ve delivered thoughtful, effective advice backed by research and real-world experience.
 
                Connect with an expert
                  Scroll  Sheldon Ng joins CRA's Life Sciences Practice Mr. Ng has been advising clients on portfolio management, brand and launch planning, asset lifecycle management, and organizational development for nearly 20 years.
 
          Learn more
            New concentration thresholds in the draft 2023 US Merger Guidelines Peter Boberg, Matthew List, and Andrew Dick analyze how the proposed draft increases the number of mergers US enforcers may determine are presumptively anticompetitive relative to the current 2010 Guidelines.
 
          Read here
            Eric Nierenberg joins CRA as Vice President CRA is pleased to announce that Eric Nierenberg has joined the company’s senior management team as a vice president. Dr. Nierenberg will be based in the company’s Boston headquarters.
 
          Read more
            Dr. Elizabeth Bailey testifies on behalf of Microsoft and Activision Blizzard in preliminary injunction win Dr. Bailey provided expert testimony and economic analysis in an evidentiary hearing on a motion that was filed by the FTC.
 
          Read more
            Climate policies and investment: Implications for disputes Christopher Russo, Laura Sochat, and Rebecca Rowden explore how the energy transition is changing investment incentives & priorities, and this seems likely to lead to disputes.
 
          Learn more
                What you need to know now Stay informed with our latest insights.
   Intellectual PropertyCRA Insights  Recent Trends in Rule 702 Decisions In this CRA Insights, we update the Rule 702 Decision trends in last year’s Insights with 2022 data. We also provide three examples of specific challenges in...  EnergyArticles  An advanced reactor champion In this interview with Nuclear Engineering, Meera Kotak discusses the historic challenges of private investment in the nuclear sector. She also highlights...   
        Explore Our Thinking
          Upcoming Events Connect with us at conferences, seminars, and webinars.
   ESG & SustainabilitySponsorship & Speaking Engagement  September 26-28, 2023 London, UK SuperReturn Global Infrastructure CRA is a proud sponsor of the conference focusing on renewables, energy transition, ESG and sustainability, investment opportunities in CORE+ Infrastructure...  National Security, Trade & Technology ControlsSponsorship & Speaking Engagement  October 11, 2023 New York, NY Sandpiper - National Security, Sanctions, and Export Controls The Biden Administration is “all in” on using sanctions, export controls, investment restrictions (inbound and outbound) to protect U.S. national security and...   
        See All Upcoming Events
         See how we can help. Read our case studies to see the problems we’ve solved and results we’ve delivered.
 
            Explore Our Engagements
                Careers at CRA. We’re always looking for high-performers to join our team of experts.
 
          Start here
              Alumni CRA Auctions European Competition Marakon   Privacy Copyright & Trademarks Modern Slavery Act Statement  Copyright © 2023 CRA International, Inc. ® Charles River Associates ® 


