




Cronometer: Eat smarter. Live better.





































Products






Cronometer
For Individuals




Cronometer Pro
For Healthcare Professionals







Support
Blog
Forums
About


Log In











Products




Cronometer
For Individuals




Cronometer Pro
For Healthcare Professionals




Blog
Forums
About
Support

LOG IN












Eat smarter.Live better.

Track your diet, exercise, and health data.


Sign Up – It's Free!











Eat smarter.Live better.

Track your diet, exercise, and health data.





Sign Up – It's Free!
Already have an account? Log in.





Available on Web, iOS and Android.
















As seen in





Available on Web, iOS and Android.










As seen in










Develop healthy habits


Count your calories, ensure you're meeting nutrient targets, and see your progress
                        over time.





Track up to 84 nutrients and other compounds


Log your meals and track all your macro and micronutrients.




Log meals, exercise and health metrics


Plus, you can create custom foods, recipes, exercises and metrics.




Get valuable health reports and charts


Learn how nutrients and metrics correlate over time.




Custom diet settings


Set weight, macro and nutrient targets to meet your goals.




Fasting timer


Track your intermittent fasts and see their effect over time.




Diet support


Whether you’re Keto, Vegan, or on one recommended by your doctor.








Discover your nutrition

Cronometer encourages you to not just count your calories but to focus on your nutrition as a
                whole. 










Over 8 million users
Join the community to get tips and inspiration from other users on our forums and Facebook group.




Accurate nutrition data
Be confident that the food you log has the correct nutrition data. We verify every food submission for
                            accuracy.




Data privacy & security
We don't sell your account data to third parties and take the security of our users' accounts
                            seriously.









Find out if you're getting the vitamins and minerals you need with our food
                diary app.


Sign Up – It's Free!






Sync with apps and devices









Cronometer reviews





A great all-in-one health app!



After leaving SparkPeople, I came here. I love that it is Canadian, includes fasting, can import
                        recipes, gives me macro details, and more. This is my daily tracking app.
iOS Review






Awesome. Getting direct feedback when you track your food really opens your eyes to what you're
                        putting in your body. The modularity and ability to track macros, micros, and calories in -calories out makes this
                        an invaluable tool for any nutritional goal. 
Android Review


Whether that's bodybuilding, weight loss, endurance training, or
                        just maintenance – everyone should be using Cronometer.






A great all-in-one health app!


After leaving SparkPeople, I came here. I love that it is Canadian, includes fasting, can import recipes, gives me macro
                    details, and more. This is my daily tracking app.
iOS Review





Whether that's bodybuilding, weight loss, endurance training, or just
                    maintenance – everyone should be using Cronometer.


Awesome. Getting direct feedback when you track your food really opens your eyes to what you're putting in your
                    body. The modularity and ability to track macros, micros, and calories in -calories out makes this an invaluable tool
                    for any nutritional goal. 
Android ReviewJanuary 26, 2021











For Health Professionals

Client diet management for nutritionists, dietitians, research teams, schools, and
                            hospitals.


Learn About Pro











Client diet management for nutritionists, dietitians, research teams, schools, and
                    hospitals.



Learn More








Help us spread the good word about nutrition.

Become an
                        Affiliate









The Product

For Individuals
For Professionals
Privacy
Terms



The Company

About Us
Crono Blog‍
Crono Forums‍
Jobs‍
Support



Partners & Affiliates

Affiliate
                            Program
Media Kit

















support@cronometer.com



Copyright © 2011-2023All rights reserved








