



Cytoscape: An Open Source Platform for Complex Network Analysis and Visualization



























 Cytoscape
                        
Network Data Integration, Analysis, and Visualization in a Box



                                Introduction
                            



                                Download
                            










Analyze Your Genes With NDEx iQuery








 












                        Cytoscape is an open source software platform for visualizing complex networks and integrating these with any type of attribute data. A lot of Apps are
                        available for various kinds of problem domains, including bioinformatics, social network analysis, and semantic web. Learn more...




                    Release Notes
                

                    Sample Visualizations
                










                       Cytoscape Tutorials
                    





                        App Developers Docs
                    









NRNB and Cytoscape





Introduction to the National Resource for Network Biology

How to Cite Cytoscape

Cytoscape project needs your support!
                        Please cite the original Cytoscape paper when you use Cytoscape. This is critical to sustaining our federal funding.
                    


                            Shannon P, Markiel A, Ozier O, Baliga NS, Wang JT, Ramage D, Amin N, Schwikowski B, Ideker T.
                        
Cytoscape: a software environment for integrated models of biomolecular interaction networks

                            Genome Research 2003 Nov; 13(11):2498-504
                        

 [Abstract] 
 [PDF] 
 [PubMed entry] 



                        For automation usage and implementation leveraging CyREST, Commands or our R and Python libraries, please cite:
                         Otasek, et al., Cytoscape Automation: empowering workflow-based network analysis Genome Biology, 20:185 (2019)
 [Abstract] 
 [PDF] 
 [PubMed entry] 


                        Other articles and papers about Cytoscape are available here.
                    
How to Donate to Cytoscape






This is a tax deductible donation to a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, The Cytoscape Consoritum, Tax ID: 20-4909879.




Tweets by @cytoscape



What Can You Do With Cytoscape?





                    Biology
                





                                        Cytoscape supports many use cases in molecular and systems biology, genomics, and proteomics:
                                    


                                            Load molecular and genetic interaction data
                        sets in many standards
                        formats


                                            Project and integrate global datasets and functional annotations
                                        

                                            Establish powerful visual mappings across these data
                                        

                                            Perform advanced analysis and modeling using Cytoscape Apps


                                            Visualize and analyze human-curated pathway datasets such as
                                            WikiPathways,
                                            Reactome, and KEGG.
                                        














                    Social Science
                




                                    Cytoscape is used by social scientists to:
                                    

                                            Visualize and analyze large social networks of interpersonal relationships
                                        

                                            Assemble social networks from tables and forms
                                        

                                            Gather social interactions from the web by variety of
                                            
                            web service APIs
                         with scripting languages and save it in standard data file formats.
                                            
                            Cytoscape supports most of the standard file formats
                        .
                                        

                                            Calculate network statistics using Apps
                                        

                                            Use with other tools, such as R with sna/
                        igraph package or NetworkX, for more advanced analysis
                                        












                    General Complex Network Analysis
                




                                    Cytoscape is domain-independent and therefore is a powerful tool for complex network analysis in general.
                                    

                                            Calculate statistics for networks by Apps such as NetworkAnalyzer or CentiScaPe


                                            Find shortest path
                                        

Find clusters by various
                            kinds of algorithms


                                            Use with other tools for more advanced analysis
                                        

                                            Perform advanced network analysis in popular tools, including igraph, Pajek, or GraphViz                                            and import it to Cytoscape as standard file formats like
                                            GraphML











                    App Development
                




                                    Cytoscape is expandable and extensible. Cytoscape has a vibrant App developer community and over a hundred Apps developed by third parties.

                                    

                                            Source code is available on GitHub


                                            Running on OSGi framework


                                            Develop simple and complex Apps in
                                            Java


                                            Clean, Rich Cytoscape Application Programming Interface (
                                            API)
                                        

Active developer community


                                            Automate Cytoscape with any scripting language, see automation docs.
                                        

 

 









                                Featured Video Demos
                                










                                Publications using Cytoscape
                            
Browse published figures referencing Cytoscape at PubMed Central.














Cytoscape Consortium




























Cytoscape project is supported by:






                        National Resource for Network Biology
                    



National Institute of General Medical Sciences of the National Institutes of Health











