





      Dale on AI
    


















Dale on AI.


Main navigation


Articles


About


Close Menu





Twitter



GitHub



Instagram



LinkedIn



YouTube


Open Menu












March 8, 2022



Machine Learning's Most Useful Multitool: Embeddings


              
              Are embeddings machine learning's most underrated but super useful tool?
              
            










September 13, 2021



You, Me, and My AI-Generated Alternate Identity


              
              Using machine learning and AI to generate a fake identity online, for art and profit
              
            










September 8, 2021



An Impractical Guide to AI on Google Cloud


              
              Everything you wanted to know about AI on Google Cloud, and much more
              
            










June 17, 2021



Build an Animal/Object Tracking Camera App with TensorFlow.js


              
              Build a smart camera that tracks your pets (and whatever else) using privacy-preserving, on-device ML.
              
            










May 6, 2021



Transformers, Explained: Understand the Model Behind GPT-3, BERT, and T5


              
              A quick intro to Transformers, a new neural network transforming SOTA in machine learning.
              
            










March 9, 2021



How I, One Humble Engineer, Deal With Imposter Syndrome


              
              But it's just, like, my opinion.
              
            










February 3, 2021



AI Dubs Over Subs? Translating and Dubbing Videos with AI


              
              Use AI-powered translation and text-to-speech to automatically translate and "dub" any video.
              
            










January 6, 2021



DALL·E Explained in Under 5 Minutes


              
              OpenAI's new image-generating-model does more than just paint pictures
              
            










December 9, 2020



AlphaFold 2 Explained: A Semi-Deep Dive


              
              A quick look into the biology and machine learning behind DeepMind's new AlphaFold
              
            










October 28, 2020



I Built an AI Stylist Inspired by Social Media


              
              I let an AI pick out my outfits using computer vision and pictures of social media fashion influencers.
              
            










October 19, 2020



A Beginner's Guide to Painless ML on Google Cloud


              
              A round up of my favorite Google Cloud tools that make it easy for developers to use ML. 
              
            










October 5, 2020



Build a Machine Learning Model in 10 Minutes


              
              Seriously. No excuses!
              
            










September 1, 2020



Convert PDFs to Audiobooks with Machine Learning


Ever wish you could listen to documents? In this post, we’ll use machine learning to transform PDFs into audiobooks.











August 26, 2020



Employers: Your Machine Learning Hires Don't Need PhDs or Masters Degrees


Asking Machine Learning/AI hires to have fancy degrees is outdated. Here’s why.











August 5, 2020



Build Apps Powered by Language with Semantic ML


In this post, I’ll show you how to use beginner-friendly ML tools–Semantic Reactor and TensorFlow.js–to build an app that’s powered by natural language.











July 22, 2020



GPT-3 Explained in Under 3 Minutes


Peek under the hood of GPT-3 in under 3 minutes.











July 16, 2020



Can AI Make You a Better Athlete? Using Machine Learning to Analyze Tennis Serves and Penalty Kicks


I’ll show you how to use machine learning to analyze your performance in your sport of choice (mine’s Tennis!).











June 30, 2020



Build Your Own AI Moderator Bot for Discord with the Perspective API


In this post, I’ll show you how to build an AI-powered moderator bot for the Discord chat platform using the Perspective API.











June 12, 2020



Building an AI-Powered Searchable Video Archive


In this post, I’ll show you how to build an AI-powered, searchable video archive using machine learning and Google Cloud–no experience required.











February 25, 2020



Building a Talking Trivia Alarm Clock, Part 3: Dialogflow Fulfillments


              
              Learn how to use Fulfillments with Dialogflow to augment your chatbot with custom code.
              
            










February 25, 2020



Building a Talking Trivia Alarm Clock, Part 2: Streaming Dialogflow on a Raspberry Pi


              
              Learn how to use Dialogflow with voice with the Streaming API
              
            










February 25, 2020



Building a Talking Trivia Alarm Clock, Part 1: Intro to Dialogflow


Learn how to get started with Dialogflow by building a simple alarm clock chatbot.











February 6, 2020



Streaming Dialogflow on your Desktop/Device/Raspberry Pi


Turn your local computer into a listening, talking Voice User Interface powered by Dialogflow.











February 6, 2020



Building a Deep-Learning-Powered (Baby) Name Generator


What can Wikipedia biographies and Deep Neural Networks tell us about what’s in a name?











December 17, 2019



Software Developers: You’re Learning Machine Learning Upside Down


Most of us learn Machine Learning from the ground up. But the skills developers need to be effective users of ML is something totally different. So what should the forward-looking software engineer learn about AI today?











November 5, 2019



Improving Machine Translation with the Google Translation API Advanced


What’s Google’s new Translation API Advanced (v3), and how can you use it to improve machine translations?











October 4, 2019



How Machine Learning is Transforming Healthcare at Google and Beyond


Google and others are recruiting algorithms to spot cancer in medical scans, predict the outcome of hospital visits, and more. Here’s how.











May 20, 2019



Parsing Structured Documents with Custom Entity Extraction


Build your own custom entity extraction model with easy-to-use Machine Learning tools







About Dale



Generative AI DevRel Lead @ Google Labs.
          Dale is a coder, writer, maker, and napper at Google Labs. Here, she writes about Machine Learning for developers, AI in the world, and a whole lot more.
        


Article Tags

ai
automl
chatbots
computer vision
computervision
deepfakes
dialogflow
gan
generative models
google cloud
googlecloud
gpt3
healthcare
life
machine learning
machine translation
machinelearning
ml
natural language processing
nlp
nlp 
openai
tensorflow
tensorflow.js
video intelligence
videointelligence


Never miss an update














Back to the top ↑












