




Sales.co























Try
    me!


















Sales.co

















We book meetings for busy teams
                by using cold email.

                You invest $2k/month.
                For that you will get meetings with decision makers that are in the market for your product or service.
                
                This way we replace a $150k/year sales rep and generate a positive ROI on your investment. You don't
                have to manage anything.
              


                  Interested? Talk to a human
                  💬






























Stefan von Imhof
CEO of Alts.co at 11:30 AM


IO signed. Terrific lead! What’s amazing about this sale is it didn’t
      even require a meeting. She just saw what she wanted from the media kit, asked very few questions, then BAM. Sold!
    





Matthew Parkhurst
Co-Founder of Antimetal at 3:22 PM


A++++ lead. You guys crushed it
    





Dustin Tysick
VP of Revenue at Testimonial Hero at 9:47 PM


Looks like they got a $425m post-IPO debt round. Great lead!
    





Itamar Argaman
Head of Sales at Chargeflow at 2:11 PM


This is a tremendous lead - Well done! 🚀
    





Vahan Melkonyan
CEO at Cauldron at 10:34 PM


...impressive getting 4 leads in 12 hours 🙂
    





Jeffery Goddard
CEO at TVA Media at 11:11 PM


Damn good lead! Thank you!
    





Andreas Munk Holm
Co-founding partner of EU.VC at 11:54 PM


3 sales came in yesterday 🔥
    





Andrei Tiburca
Co-founder at Videodeck at 5:49 AM


One of the leads that you brought with the first outreach campaign that bought a $11k package gave us a shoutout on
    LinkedIn where he has a big following so it's a lead that keep on giving.
    





Katelyn Bourgoin
Founder of Why We Buy at 2:25 PM


Just closed our first sponsor sent via your team!
    





Let us book meetings for you
so you can focus on what you're best at.




    Interested? Talk to a human 💬



























What
            we do
No
            worries, we too
            value transparency over marketing lingo.




i. We find companies that exactly match your ideal customer profile and are most likely interested
              in your offer using our own custom software.
            

ii. We find the contact information of the most relevant decision maker at each company and
              carefully
              verify it.
            

iii. We craft an email sequence that feels warm and gets the right people to respond.
            

iv. When people respond, we reply and schedule a call with you to discuss the opportunity. When
              they
              don't reply, we follow up. When they have questions, we answer them. When they have objections, we address
              them.
            




            We do all of this at a fraction of the cost of hiring an in-house sales team.
          







Hi, nice to meet you!


          We're a fully remote 2-person team that met in January 2023 for the first time in person. We've founded
          different software projects and worked with different startups before joining forces in September 2022.
        









Ryan Doyle
Co-Founder


Ryan is a sales expert based in New York, who has personally booked over
                      $1million in business, and sourced $25million+ for the businesses he sold for.


                        Learn More
                        


















Jakob Greenfeld
Co-Founder


Jakob is a web scraping and automation expert based in Denmark who has
                      built data pipelines for startups like Alts.co and sold projects to Micro Acquire and Tweet
                      Hunter.

                    


                        Learn More
                        



























            Ryan was a huge help! We were looking to get calls booked with SaaS companies and fractional CFOs, and
            Ryan did just that. He made tweaks along the way and gave regular updates. His approach yielded some
            really high open and conversion rates which I was happy with. Excited to continue working with him!
          







Adam Tzagournis
Founder, Flowcog











Ryan and Jakob helped us generate more leads, schedule more demos, book more
            appointments with potential customers and users. They've been awesome iterating on the copy of our emails
            and really making sure we're getting the results that we're looking for. 







Tessa Thomas
Founder, Pipeline Solutions














They have a different proposition - More consultative. Higher value. Higher
            quality.
            I feel like I'm buying a commodity with other providers but I'm getting some serious expertise here as
            well. 








Amir Bazrafshan
Founder, ApricotBox.co.uk











I am stoked about all these new meetings and the aggressive attitude to actually schedule
            the meetings. I get 130
            emails a day and it's too much to rely on me to schedule meetings. The quality of leads lately are all in
            our Product
            Market Fit sweet spot. I am very luck to have you guys helping FoodReady if this momentum keeps up
            consistently. This is
            what I was always needing. 







Gerry Galloway
Founder, Foodready












Frequently asked questions
Can’t find the answer you’re looking for? Shoot us a message.




How much does it cost?
We currently charge $2k/month or $5k/quarter.



Do you also cold call prospects or reach out on social platforms?
              
No, we're laser focused on cold emails.


Can you prepare lead lists for me?

No, we're laser focused on setting up cold email campaigns for our clients.


How many emails do you send?
Each month, we contact at least 1000 prospects that match your
                ideal customer profile on your behalf. We also follow up at least two times with everyone who doesn't respond.


Do you also follow up or just send emails once?
              
We always follow up on emails. We'll take care of the people who
                say no, and just thank them for their response. For objections, we try to overcome a few common ones and
                then hand them over to you if they're too specific.


Do you respond when people reply?
Our goal is to make booking meetings as easy and stress-free as
                possible for you. So if a prospect says no, we'll follow up in order to try to address any objections
                they may have, or simply to thank them for their response. 


How long will it take to get results?
If you never tested cold email before, it can take up to two
                months of constant iterations to find a combination of personas and messaging that works. If you already
                have a good idea of what works, it'll typically take much less time and we often see results already
                during the first month.












Let us book meetings for you
so you can focus on what you're best at.




        Interested? Talk to a human 💬








