






Dara.network | Where Communities Create Social Capital












































Home


Pricing & Features





                                Login
                        










Where Communities Create Social Capital

                           Join the incredible organizations and entrepreneurs, creators and change-makers who use Dara to make their communities thrive.
                            























































Change Happens in Discussion

                            Members lean in and rely on each other through relevant, topic-based channels.
                            
Book Demo
















Connection Sparks When We Meet Up
Events and easy 1:1 scheduling with people that matter.
















Partners who Love Dara














Eames Demetrios
Geographer-at-Large  Kcymaerxthaere / Eames Foundation


Dara is a warm, cozy place for us to work together with 50 people in different countries. If we had tried to do this through email or WhatsApp, it would have been chaos and there wouldn't have been that sense of community.














Kamya Ramachandran
Founder/Director  BeFantastic.in


Why Dara vs other apps?
 - Access to other change-making & cultural communities 
- Channels make it easy to manage communications with each of our communities.
 - Incredible team and support.


















Talk on Your Own Time

                            Audio, text and video messages (with transcripts!) lets everyone communicates authentically on their own terms - without those endless Zooms.
                            










Share Your Work

                            Debut your masterpiece or selectively share work-in-progress with vetted peers.
                            
Book Demo





















Show Off Your People

                           Publishing your profile, community members and events is easy sans Zuckerberg selling your data.
                            







Amazing Institutions Deserve  Amazing Digital Communities

                Training the next generation of leaders is vital. Dara makes these
                  social networks last. Every Community gets its own Channels, Events and Member directory.
                











Interested? Check out our features & pricing or Book a Demo
Interested? Check out our features & pricing or Book a Demo










Dara is a powerful, human way for groups, communities and alumni networks to remain vibrant and engaged. This is where communities create social capital. 




Dara.Network

 

 Tips & Guides     
 

 Our Newsletter
 

 RadBots!
 

  Hire Me!
 

 Contact


  Privacy &  Terms



Dara contains no ads, will never sell any of our user data and is free for individuals.













                All rights reserved. Copyright ©2022 Dara.network Inc.
            

















