







Dealflow Alerts




































































                        Pricing
                    

                        Login
                    





                        Get Started
                    










                                Automate your Dealflow
                            

                               Use the Dealflow Alerts platform to curate a deal pipeline that fits your investment thesis.
                            


Get Started Free





















                            Filter deals
                        

Sort deals by revenue, business model, sales multiples, asking price, and more.

                            Automate your pipeline
                        

Set up email or Slack reports with deals that exclusively fit your criteria.

                            Our sources
                        

We scan your favorite marketplaces for deal flow so you never miss an opportunity.














IndieMaker
















Shopify Exchange
















Flippa
















Transferslot
















FE International
















SideProjectors
















Empire Flippers
















Quiet Light Brokerage
















Website Properties
















Acquisitions Direct
















Microacquire
















Microns
















AcquireBase
















BuyAndSellABusiness









                            Source deals
                        

We scan your favorite marketplaces for deal flow so you never miss an opportunity.

                            Filter deals
                        

Sort deals by revenue, business model, sales multiples, asking price, and more.

                            Automate your pipeline
                        

Set up email or Slack reports with deals that exclusively fit your criteria.









                        What customers are saying
                    
Learn how Dealflow saves time for portfolio managers














                                                Thomas Smale

CEO of FE International


As someone who has been in the industry for over 10 years (as CEO of FE International), any product that helps streamline the search process for buyers is great. Looks like a good list of sites to browse listings

(source) 










                                                Trevor Sookraj

HQ Team, DormRoomFund


Incredibly powerful tool for anyone looking to get into the Micro PE game. Staying on top of deals (assuming it's not your full-time job) is challenging, and this is a life-saver.













                                                Brian Cliette

Owner, briancliette.com


Killer app! Easily saves 5+ hours per week by curating deals that met my investment thesis vs. randomly checking for deals across multiple sites...several days a week ... only to find the best deals under contract or worst SOLD!













                                                Beverley Merriman

Co-founder, wixelhq.com


A very useful tool for small acquisitions and micro private equity investors.













                                                Lucas Huizinga

Marketing Chief


I've used Dealflow the last couple of weeks. It's really a great way to filter out business opportunities.













                                                Sam Mitrovic

Marketer


Nice tool to find and filter through deals in one place from multiple sources. Defs saves time. Well done!













                                                Sam Shepler

CEO, Skyscope


Loving this. Simple but powerful, improves on the standard search filters and aggregates all the sites to check (flippa, FE, 1K side projects etc) so saves a ton of time.













                                                Ken Savage

Founder, Automation88


Great information for anyone who wants to grow with small acquisitions rather than a big marketing plan and hope.























COMPANY


Team
Terms of service
Privacy policy







Product


Contact us
FAQ
Pricing
Changelog







Made by Mike Rubini & Ryan Kulp.

                        Built with  around the world.
                        






DealflowAlerts.com doesn't take any responsibility for the data featured on its website. DealflowAlerts.com can't be held accountable for any purchase decision based on that data. Due diligence is to be performed by the buyer prior the sale. The usage of an Escrow service is recommended.




















