




DeepL Translate: The world's most accurate translator
 

































Please change your browser


Close



                DeepL no longer supports Internet Explorer, so it may not work properly in this browser. For the best experience, please open DeepL in Microsoft Edge or any modern browser.                
 Or Download DeepL for Windows


Cancel
Open in Microsoft Edge























                                DeepL Pro                            

                                DeepL Pro                            

                                Features                            


                                    For Business                                





                                    Why DeepL?                                


                                API                            

                                Plans and pricing                            


                                    Apps                                    
                                        free                                    



                                Free apps                            

                                    Contact Sales                            






                            Login                        





























Millions translate with DeepL every day. Popular: Spanish to English, French to English, and Japanese to English.


 
Translate text




Source text




Select source language. Currently selected:

Translate from any language 















Type to translate.Drag and drop to translate Word (.docx) and PowerPoint (.pptx) files with our document translator.Popular: Spanish to English, French to English, and Japanese to English.Other languages: Bulgarian, Chinese, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Estonian, Finnish, German, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian,Â Slovak,Â Slovenian,Â and Swedish. 



                                        Type to translate.                                    









Translation results












Select target language. Currently selected:

Translate into German 





































Millions translate with DeepL every dayPopular: Spanish to English, French to English, and Japanese to English.Other languages: Bulgarian, Chinese, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Estonian, Finnish, German, Greek, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Slovak, Slovenian, Swedish, Turkish, and Ukrainian. 






 
Cancel
Translate anyway























 






























