



Hugging Face Forums - Hugging Face Community Discussion


















































    Hugging Face Forums
  







Category
Topics










Beginners


Use this category for any basic question you have on any of the Hugging Face  library. Don’t moderate yourself, everyone has to begin somewhere and everyone on this forum is here to help!



4227









Intermediate


Use this category for any advanced question you have on any of the Hugging Face  library or to share/coordinate with other users your projects using them.



649









Course


Use this category to ask any question related to the course or organize study groups.



85









Research


Use this category for any research question or to coordinate on a project with other users.



255









Models


Use this category for any question specific to a given model: questions not really related to the library per se and more research-like such as tips to fine-tune/train, where to use/not to use etc.



1136









🤗Transformers


This category is for any question related to the  Transformers library. You can also file an issue.



2877









🤗Datasets


This category is for any question related to the  datasets library. You can also file an issue.



831









🤗Tokenizers


This category is for any question related to the  Tokenizers library. You can also file an issue.



302









🤗Accelerate


This category is for any question related to the Accelerate library. You can also file an issue.



185









🤗AutoTrain


This category is for any question related to  AutoTrain. For advanced usage, you can also check the GitHub repo.



87









🤗Hub


This category is for any question related to the Hugging Face Hub (models or datasets) as well as the huggingface_hub library.



214









🤗Optimum


This category is for any discussion around the Optimum library.



70









🤗Evaluate


This category is for any question related to the Evaluate library. You can also file an issue.



43









Gradio


This category is for any question related to the Gradio library. You can also file an issue.



294









🧨 Diffusers


This category should be used for all comments / questions related to the Diffusers library: https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers



228









Inference Endpoints on the Hub


This category is to ask questions about  Inference Endpoints, our production inference solution to easily deploy machine learning models hosted on the Hub.



109









Amazon SageMaker


This category is for any questions related to using Hugging Face Transformers with Amazon SageMaker. Don’t forget to check the announcement blogpost for more resources.



274









Amazon Inferentia & Trainium


This category is for any questions related to using Hugging Face Transformers and Diffusers models with AWS Inferentia and Trainium hardware accelerator instances.



2









Azure ML Studio Model Catalog


This category is to ask questions about deploying Hugging Face Hub models for real-time inference in Azure Machine Learning using the new Hugging Face model catalog.



1









Spaces


Use this category to ask any questions about Spaces or to share your work.



394









Model cards


All model cards now live inside huggingface.co model repos (see announcement).



32









Languages at Hugging Face


Use this category for any discussion of (human) language-specific topics and to chat about doing NLP in languages other than English.



77









Flax/JAX Projects


This category should be used to propose and join existing projects that make use of  Flax/JAX and  Transformers. Make sure that your project proposal includes all relevant information (as listed below) for people to join/comment/improve your idea.



132









Transformers Book


Use this category for any question or feedback related to the Natural Language Processing with Transformers book.



10









Community Calls


This category is for call for helps to the community on specific projects.



69









Jobs & Opportunities 🚀


Community space to share job openings, internships, and collaborations in the AI field.



2









Show and Tell


The Show and Tell category is a dedicated space for sharing and discussing your exciting projects. Showcase your Spaces, new Models, Datasets, etc., gain feedback and connect with peers.



22









Site Feedback


This category is for any feedback you have for the Hugging Face team about this forum or the website in general. Let us know how we can improve them!



123











Home 




Categories 




FAQ/Guidelines 




Terms of Service 




Privacy Policy 




Powered by Discourse, best viewed with JavaScript enabled



