



Anonymous Dashboard MVProctor


























Skip to main content






Toggle navigation

























                                    Cookie must be enabled in order for you to use Proctortrack.However, it seems Cookie is either disabled.Please enable Cookie by changing your browser options, then try again.
                                




                                        JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use Proctortrack. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. Please enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, then try again.
                                    






Welcome to MVProctor, an online test experience for California Department of Motor Vehicles.
                                
                                As the most student-friendly proctoring solution, MVProctor utilizes an automated, proctorless approach to offer convenience ease of use, and security.
                            



                                Sign in with an existing account:
                            



SIGN IN WITH A CA DMV ACCOUNT






                                You seem to be using an unsupported browser.
                            

The MVProctor is supported only on Chrome Browser.


If you don't have a chrome browser installed, click
below icon to download it.


MAC Users: Please follow instructions
                                here
                                to make sure you have provided the camera, microphone and screen-recording permission to Chrome.
















Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
FERPA
Web Accessibility Policy

Copyright © 2013-2023 Verificient Technologies | US Patent No. 8,926,335













×
Alert!


 You are attempting to access our website outside of available testing hours.
                    Please try again during the available testing hours of 08:00 AM to 04:00 PM PST, Monday - Friday, excluding state holidays.
                    You must log into https://edl.dmv.ca.gov during available testing hours to access your test. 
                



                    Ok
                








×
 INVALID PATH! 


 
                    This is not a valid entrance into your test. Please use the link in the email you received from the DMV.



                    Ok
                







 -->










