




            Learn Rust - Rust Programming Language
        







































Rust



Install
Learn
Playground
Tools
Governance
Community
Blog



Language

English (en-US)
Español (es)
Français (fr)
Italiano (it)
日本語 (ja)
Português (pt-BR)
Русский (ru)
Türkçe (tr)
简体中文 (zh-CN)
正體中文 (zh-TW)







Learn Rust





Get started with Rust





Affectionately nicknamed “the book,” The Rust Programming Language will give you an overview of the language from first principles. You’ll build a few projects along the way, and by the end, you’ll have a solid grasp of the language.

Read the Book!





Alternatively, Rustlings guides you through downloading and setting up the Rust toolchain, and teaches you the basics of reading and writing Rust syntax, on the command line. It's an alternative to Rust by Example that works with your own environment.

Do the Rustlings course!





If reading multiple hundreds of pages about a language isn’t your style, then Rust By Example has you covered. While the book talks about code with a lot of words, RBE shows off a bunch of code, and keeps the talking to a minimum. It also includes exercises!

Check out Rust by Example!










        Documentation
      



Read the core documentation
All of this documentation is also available locally using the rustup doc command, which will open up these resources for you in your browser without requiring a network connection!


The standard library

            Comprehensive guide to the Rust standard library APIs.
          


Edition Guide

            Guide to the Rust editions.
          


Cargo Book

            A book on Rust’s package manager and build system.
          


rustdoc Book

            Learn how to make awesome documentation for your crate.
          


rustc Book

            Familiarize yourself with the knobs available in the Rust compiler.
          


Compiler Error Index

            In-depth explanations of the errors you may see from the Rust compiler.
          





Build your skills in an application domain



              Command Line Book
            

              Learn how to build effective command line applications in Rust.
            



              WebAssembly Book
            

              Use Rust to build browser-native libraries through WebAssembly.
            



              Embedded Book
            

              Become proficient with Rust for Microcontrollers and other embedded systems.
            








Master Rust


Curious about the darkest corners of the language? Here’s where you can get into the nitty-gritty:






The Reference is not a formal spec, but is more detailed and comprehensive than the book.

            Read the reference
          







The Rustonomicon is your guidebook to the dark arts of unsafe Rust. It’s also sometimes called “the ’nomicon.”

            Read the ’nomicon
          







The Unstable Book has documentation for unstable features that you can only use with nightly Rust.

            Read the unstable book
          










Get help!

Documentation
Rust Forge (Contributor Documentation)
Ask a Question on the Users Forum



Language

English (en-US)
Español (es)
Français (fr)
Italiano (it)
日本語 (ja)
Português (pt-BR)
Русский (ru)
Türkçe (tr)
简体中文 (zh-CN)
正體中文 (zh-TW)





Terms and policies

Code of Conduct
Licenses
Logo Policy and Media Guide
Security Disclosures
Privacy Notice
All Policies



Social










            Maintained by the Rust Team. See a bug?
File an issue!

Looking for the previous website?






