

Artur Grigorev



























Artur Grigorev


                      Hello!
                      

                      I am a Ph.D. student at the Max Planck ETH Center for Learning Systems (CLS), 
                      jointly supervised by Otmar Hilliges (ETH)
                      and Michael J. Black (MPI).
                      
                      My research interests lay in the area of building photo-realistic human avatars.
                      Currently, I am focused on the task of modelling and reconstructing human clothing. 
                      I am most interested in the challenging task of modelling loose garments, such as skirts, dresses and unbuttoned shirts
                      

                      Prior to my Ph.D., I was working as a research engineer at 
                      Samsung AI Center Moscow. 
                      
                      I obtained my Master's Degree in Data Science from 
                      
                        Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology 
                        and my Bachelor's Degree in Software Engineering from 
                        Higher School of Economics Moscow


                      You can get in touch with me using the following links:
                    











PROJECTS













HOOD: Hierarchical Graphs for Generalized Modelling of Clothing Dynamics
CVPR 2023

                    
                          We propose a method that leverages graph neural
                          networks, multi-level message passing, and unsupervised
                          training to enable real-time prediction of realistic clothing
                          dynamics. 
                          
                          Whereas existing methods based on linear blend
                          skinning must be trained for specific garments, our method
                          is agnostic to body shape and applies to tight-fitting garments as well as loose, free-flowing clothing. Our method
                          furthermore handles changes in topology (e.g., garments
                          with buttons or zippers) and material properties at inference time. 
                          
                          As one key contribution, we propose a hierarchical message-passing scheme that efficiently propagates stiff
                          stretching modes while preserving local detail. We empirically show that our method outperforms strong baselines
                          quantitatively and that its results are perceived as more realistic than state-of-the-art methods
                        













Point-Based Modeling of Human Clothing
ICCV 2021

A new approach to human clothing modeling based on point clouds. 
                              
                              Within this approach, we learn a deep model that can predict point clouds of various outfits, 
                              for various human poses, and for various human body shapes. 
                              Notably, outfits of various types and topologies can be handled by the same model. 
                              Using the learned model, we can infer the geometry of new outfits from as little as a single image, 
                              and perform outfit retargeting to new bodies in new poses. 
                              
                              We complement our geometric model with appearance modeling that uses the point cloud geometry 
                              as a geometric scaffolding and employs neural point-based graphics to 
                              capture outfit appearance from videos and to re-render the captured outfits. 














StylePeople: A Generative Model of Fullbody Human Avatars
CVPR 2021

We propose a new type of full-body human avatars, 
                              which combines parametric mesh-based body model with a neural texture. 
                              
                              We show that with the help of neural textures, such avatars can successfully model clothing and hair, 
                              which usually poses a problem for mesh-based approaches. 
                              We also show how these avatars can be created from multiple frames of a video using backpropagation. 
                              
                              We then propose a generative model for such avatars that can be trained from datasets of images 
                              and videos of people. The generative model allows us to sample random avatars as well 
                              as to create dressed avatars of people from one or few images.














Coordinate-based Texture Inpainting for Pose-Guided Image Generation
CVPR 2019
A deep learning approach to pose-guided resynthesis of human photographs. 
                                At the heart of the approach is the estimation of the complete body surface texture based on a single 
                                photograph. Since the input photograph always observes only a part of the surface, 
                                we suggest a new inpainting method that completes the texture of the human body. 
                                

                                Rather than working directly with colors of texture elements, the inpainting network estimates 
                                an appropriate source location in the input image for each element of the body surface. 
                                This correspondence field between the input image and the texture is then further warped 
                                into the target image coordinate frame based on the desired pose, 
                                effectively establishing the correspondence between the source and the target 
                                view even when the pose change is drastic. 
                                
                                The final convolutional network then uses the established correspondence and all other 
                                available information to synthesize the output image using a fully-convolutional 
                                architecture with deformable convolutions. 
                                
                                We show the state-of-the-art results 
                                for pose-guided image synthesis at the time of publishing. 
                                Additionally, we demonstrate the performance of our system for garment transfer and 
                                pose-guided face resynthesis.
                            











EXPERIENCE & EDUCATION














Ph.D. Student
Max Planck ETH Center for Learning Systems (CLS)
                                Since May 2022
Co-supervised by Otmar Hilliges 
                              and Michael J. Black. 
                              
                              My main research interest are photo-realistic human avatars.
                              My current project concerns modelling and reconstruction of human clothing. 
                              I am especially interested in handling loose garments, such as skirts, dresses, unbuttoned shirts etc.,
                              that do not follow the human body closely.
                              















Research Engineer
Samsung AI Canter (SAIC) Moscow
                                May 2018 - Apr 2022
I was a research engineer at Vision, Learning & Telepresence (VIOLET) 
                                lab under the supervision of 
                                  Victor Lempitsky. I was doing research in the area of photorealistic human avatars, 
                                  which resulted in two first-author CVPR papers.
                                I also co-authored one CVPR paper and one ICCV paper (see the list of projects above for details).















M.Sc., Data Science
Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology (Skoltech)2017 - 2018
Graduate Studies with focus on Data Analysis and Computer Vision. 
                              Finished with exellence under the supervision of 
                              Victor Lempitsky.















B.Sc., Software Engineering
Higher School of Economics (HSE) Moscow2013 - 2017
Undergraduate studies focused on programming, software engineering and project management.










 GET IN TOUCH 


















