










DYNOMIGHT INTERNET WEBSITE


































DYNOMIGHT
ABOUT
SUBSTACK


guide to life
sub​scribe





DYNOMIGHT
ABOUT
RSS
SUBSTACK





guide to life
subscribe






DYNOMIGHT INTERNET WEBSITE


DYNOMIGHT INTERNET WEBSITE






sort by
updated
newest
oldest


theme
tryhard
brutalism

ims

dates
subtitles
blurbs











            My heuristics for interacting with humans
        

            2023.09.07
        





On game trees and reasonableness

I don’t sense that I’m viewed as particularly skilled at human interaction. Still, some poor fools sometimes ask me for advice, and I find myself repeating the same little speech. For context, in life as a human you will often face difficulties with the other humans. Like: Alice keeps stealing...












            Contra four-wheeled suitcases, sort of
        

            2023.08.24
        





Are fancy fragile solutions overrated?

I have an almost moral dislike for the four-wheeled suitcase. Bear with me here. Before 1972, luggage had no wheels. Then, Bernard Sadow patented this design with four small wheels and a strap: By all accounts, this design wasn’t great and it didn’t become popular. Things changed in 1987 when...












            Thoughts on high-stakes college admissions
        

            2023.08.14
        





Maybe they're bad

I wouldn't suggest literally dismantling Harvard. (Caution is advised before destroying your most successful institutions.) My real thesis is more like: College admissions are (1) highly competitive and (2) consequential. Maybe those alone are bad? Maybe we should think about them instead of exclusively arguing about admissions criteria?












            Maybe the problem is that Harvard exists
        

            2023.08.10
        





An unhinged polemic

Say that when people apply for their first driver's license, 1% get Executive Platinum licenses. For life, they get free use of toll roads and can drive 20% over the speed limit. People argue—fiercely argue—if these should be awarded based on the written test, the driving test, or based on...












            Conspiracy theory: Electric cars make more air pollution than gas cars
        

            2023.07.27
        





tires + battery + heavy

Claim: Per kilometer driven down the road, electric cars create more particulate air pollution than gas cars. That’s ignoring all other emissions and anything that happens at a power plant or during manufacturing.














            WHO aspartame brouhaha
        

            2023.07.17
        





the territory under dispute

On July 14, two different arms of the WHO released their findings on aspartame. One designated it “possibly carcinogenic to humans”, while the other concluded that “dietary exposure to aspartame does not pose a health concern”. The FDA took the unusual step of issuing a statement saying that it disagreed...












            Notes on Lawrence of Arabia
        

            2023.07.13
        





greater lesson unclear

1. There’s an early scene where Lawrence leaves a band of Bedouin people to go look for a man who was lost in the desert. He does this despite fierce warnings that after the sun rose, he would almost certainly die. The film seems to admire this choice, despite that...












            My stupid noise journey
        

            2023.06.27
        





A tale of bad choices

Interested in how to be a big dumb idiot and over-complicate things and waste time and money and endure tons of stress and some real physical pain all by thinking that you’re cleverer than you actually are? (No?) Looking back, I was always sensitive to noise but never realized it...












            The second system problem
        

            2023.06.20
        





Building a safe AI ≠ preventing all unsafe AI

In The Vulnerable World Hypothesis, Nick Bostrom imagines we found a technological "black ball"—say a way to make a nuclear weapon with just some glass, some metal, and a battery. He concludes that society in our current "semi-archic default condition"—could not survive such a discovery. We'd have to build a...












            I still think it's very unlikely we're observing alien aircraft
        

            2023.06.14
        





They'd have to be messing with us.

Some suggest there might be alien aircraft on Earth now. The argument goes something like this: A priori, there’s no reason there shouldn’t be alien aircraft. Earth is 4.54 billion years old, but the universe is 13.7 billion years old, and within a billion light years of Earth there are...












            Taxonomy of procrastination
        

            2023.05.08
        





There's a little accountant named Jim that lives in my head

Nobody gets everything they want in life. That's OK. If everyone was a sportscaster-rockstar-scientist-model-author-influencer-billionaire, we still wouldn't be happy because everyone else would be too busy to be impressed. But still, it's a little sad when you don't at least *try* to get what you want. My mental model is:...












            Numbers without which it's impossible to talk about weight loss
        

            2023.05.04
        





You lose glycogen before fat. Glycogen is heavy.

We lose weight when we burn more calories than we eat. But how much weight do you lose for a given caloric deficit? This isn’t complicated. But it’s not trivial either, because the body has two forms of energy reserves: Body fat is familiar. This is used for long-term energy...












            Reasons after nonpersons
        

            2023.04.24
        





AI will make some old-school philosophical thought experiments seem much more relevant

The year is 2029 and you’ve finally done it. You’ve written the first AI program that is so good—so damn good—that no one can deny that it thinks and has subjective experiences. Surprisingly, the world doesn’t end. Everything seems fine. Except—all those bongcloud philosophy 101 thought experiments people have done...












            The hard problem of feelings
        

            2023.04.05
        





Or: Why you like burrritos

Here's something weird. At least, I think it's weird. The hard problem of consciousness is why it feels like something to be alive. Physics does a good job of explaining everything that happens in terms of fields and atoms and whatnot—you're eating a burrito because moments after the big bang,...












            Why didn't we get GPT-2 in 2005?
        

            2023.03.21
        





We probably could have

The ancient Romans were never great at building ships and never tried to explore the Atlantic. The basic reason seems to be—why bother? The open ocean has no resources and is a vast plane of death. But imagine that in 146 BC after the Romans killed everyone in Carthage, they...












            Your friend the language model
        

            2023.03.03
        





The world is running out of khakis

I originally wrote this as part of a much longer post on LLM scaling laws and possible barriers/trajectories for progress. The idea was to provide the minimal background necessary to understand all that stuff. But in retrospect, many people probably don’t need all this background, so I decided to make...












            Winner take all science
        

            2023.01.19
        





Is it helpful for things to work this way?

By the early 1950s, it was known thanks to people like Miescher, Levene, and Chargaff that genes were carried by long polymers in the cell nucleus. It was also known that those polymers had a sugar-phosphate backbone and were composed of four different nucleobases—cytosine (C), guanine (G), adenine (A) and...












            Buy more copies
        

            2023.01.05
        





Sometimes weirdness does pay

I’ve always wanted to believe that you could get enormous advantage in life just by willing to be weirder than other people. And when I read about people like Amos Tversky (leave movies early! go jogging in your underwear! throw away your mail unopened!) it almost seems true. But sadly,...












            Things to argue about over the holidays instead of politics
        

            2022.12.24
        





Report back on how it goes

1. Is the existence of the Guinness Book of World Records a positive or a negative for humanity on net? 2. Bragging about material possessions is low-status in much of the West, forcing people to jostle through subtle wealth cues (travel, education, hobbies, food). But then why isn’t there another...












            Advice on being managed
        

            2022.12.15
        





Some obvious-in-retrospect thoughts

When you shift from being managed to also sometimes managing others, you have a predictable shift in perspective and a lot of obvious-in-retrospect insights. In the spirit of “saying obvious things is good” here are a few. Be honest Since you’re a fallible human, you will screw things up. And...












            Historical analogies for large language models
        

            2022.12.08
        





ice, chess, tractors, railroads, swords, sword fighting, mass production, pre-fab homes, photography, Segways, scissor doors, pornography, calculators

How will large language models (LLMs) change the world? No one knows. With such uncertainty, a good exercise is to look for historical analogies—to think about other technologies and ask what would happen if LLMs played out the same way. I like to keep things concrete, so I'll discuss the...












            Valid arguments with invalid conclusions
        

            2022.12.01
        





subterfuge, berries, Bayes, billboards, stop signs

Some time ago, I was driving somewhere with a friend and I claimed that someone was operating with subterfuge. There was an odd silence, after which my friend quietly asked, 'What was that?' Something was wrong. Was she offended? I said, '...subterfuge?' She gave me a brief and somewhat pitying...












            Underrated reasons to be thankful
        

            2022.11.24
        





More of them

That when cyanobacteria arose 2 billion years ago and filled the atmosphere with oxygen which killed off most species and removed methane from the air so temperatures crashed and the entire planet was encased in ice, this didn’t quite extinguish all life but eventually led to the rise of eukaryotes...












            How much does a CT scan affect life expectancy?
        

            2022.10.14
        





If you get a CT scan (or an X-ray or a nuclear medicine scan) is it worth worrying about the radiation?

You're probably aware that if you get a CT scan, that exposes you to a fair of radiation. But I've always wondered—how much should I care about that? So here's an attempt at a rough estimate. As always, I think the right way to quantify things is in terms of...












            Prediction market does not imply causation
        

            2022.10.06
        





Unless you're careful, conditional prediction markets have all the same problems as observational studies.

We all want to make good decisions. But it’s hard because we aren’t sure what’s going to happen. Like, say you want to know if CO₂ emissions will go up in 10 years. One of our best ideas is to have people bet. For example, I might wager my $4...












            The anxiety of the moderate
        

            2022.09.29
        





Wouldn't it be quite a coincidence for this to be the moment public opinion got it right?

It's tempting for the moderate to strut. Isn't it enlightened to see truth in both sides? To calmly rise above the squabbling? But there's a strong argument against moderation: Public opinion has been evolving for hundreds of years. Many things that are moderate today were 'extreme' very recently. Isn't it...












            The conspiratorial Monty Hall problem
        

            2022.09.23
        





What if you and Monty decide to cheat?

The Monty Hall problem has now been a pox on humanity for two generations, diverting perfectly good brains away from productive uses. Hoping to exacerbate this problem, some time ago I announced a new and more pernicious variant: What if you and Monty try to cheat?














            Why ‟controlling for a variable” doesn't (usually) work
        

            2022.09.19
        





It's just adding a variable to a regression.

I’ve always seen cathedrals as presenting a kind of implicit argument to atheists. Something like: God must exist, because otherwise it would have been insane for people to build this:














            Does gratitude increase happiness?
        

            2022.09.01
        





After decades of research, we now have a huge body of studies and meta-reviews to summarize it. What do they say?

I was wrong about gratitude. I thought it was a guaranteed way to become happier and went around proclaiming we should be thankful because: "Hokey, unfashionable techniques like practicing gratitude turn out to have strong scientific evidence behind them." Sorry about that. In my defense, the internet is rife with...












            358 games of puzzle storm
        

            2022.08.22
        





Tracking my cognitive performance for a year

A year ago, I started playing puzzle storm. This is a short game where you try to rapidly solve as many chess puzzles as you can in a few minutes.














            Rules for weird ideas
        

            2022.08.15
        





On asking people to consider stuff that sounds crazy

It’s frustrating to propose an idea and have people dismiss it just because it’s weird. You’ve surely seen people ridicule ideas like worrying about wild animal suffering or computers becoming sentient or comets crashing into the planet. I’ve encountered some of this for claiming aspartame is likely harmless but ultrasonic...












            Shorts for August
        

            2022.08.08
        





Noise, Indian cheetahs, and Fighting Joe

I think the bluetooth speaker is a pox on our civilization. Random noise makes it hard for me to concentrate. I tried the obvious thing and created a passive-aggressive mathematical model, but that unexpectedly failed to make the problem go away. So I recently looked into technological solutions. The most...












            Old jokes
        

            2022.08.04
        





That's what she said, a rabbi resolves a dispute, and six categories in the Philogelos

I've noticed a disturbing phenomenon: Many people who only recently watched the US version of The Office seem to think that Michael Scott invented That's what she said. Of course, the actual joke was supposed to be a ghoulish delight at seeing someone cluelessly use a joke that was so...












            No soap radio
        

            2022.08.01
        





A potent anti-humor technology

No soap, radio is a sort of prank where you tell a "joke" with a meaningless punchline. The hope is that your victim will laugh despite not understanding it, thereby enabling you to ridicule them. Apparently, this works best if you do it with an accomplice who will pretend to...












            Nobody optimizes happiness
        

            2022.07.28
        





People don't seem to try very hard to make themselves happier. Why not?

Everyone I know is scheming for the future. They've got big goals and get up every day and work like mad to try to achieve them. I've always found something odd about that: Despite all this effort, people don't seem to think too much about the specifics of what would...












            Litter and circles of internalization
        

            2022.07.25
        





Why not tax businesses for the misdeeds of their customers?

Say you're a dictator fed up with your citizens' littering. What can you do? Option 1: Make littering illegal. This is obvious, but it's clearly no magic bullet since everyone's already done it and yet littering hasn't perished from the earth. Why? Primarily because it's hard to catch people. You...












            Notes on the Balkans
        

            2022.07.21
        





Sixteen observations on Albania, Montenegro, and Macedonia


  People say the cafes in Albania are great. This is true. They are similar to Italy but with environments that are more laid-back and… better? Standards are remarkably high even at roadside cafes next to petrol stations.















            Thoughts on the potato diet
        

            2022.07.11
        





Nine observations about what happens when you eat only potatoes

You've probably heard about the potato diet. If not, here it is: 1. Eat potatoes. 2. As many as you want. 3. Oil and salt are OK. 4. Don't eat other stuff. I thought this sounded delightfully absurd so I tried it for a few weeks. Here are some observations....












            Shorts for July
        

            2022.07.07
        





Gorillas, penguins, noise location, air quality, and a conversational pattern that needs a name

Has a gorilla killed a human? Gorillas, despite their immense size and strength, are not aggressive. They are vegetarian except for eating insects and occasionally small rodents. In 1986, a five-year-old child fell into the gorilla pit in the Channel Islands zoo and was knocked unconscious. The crowd watched in...












            Blocked persons and letters of marque
        

            2022.07.04
        





What are letters of marque and reprisal, and who is on the US's list of Block Persons?

Article I, Section 8, Clause 11 of the US Constitution reads: "The Congress shall have Power to declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water;" What are these Letters of Marque and Reprisal? Essentially: Permission for private citizens to carry out...












            Candidate final bosses
        

            2022.06.27
        





A debate about humanity's ultimate adversary

Evil. The problem is people doing bad things that they know are bad. Everyone just needs to stop demanding bribes and littering and murdering each other. Moral confusion. No, in reality, most people try to do the right thing most of the time. The problem is that our idea of...












            Contra Wirecutter on the IKEA air purifier
        

            2022.06.20
        





The Wirecutter's review of the IKEA air purifier is a mishmash of scientific errors, shoddy testing, and self-contradictory logic.

IKEA has recently made some moves into the air purifier space. The Wirecutter is not impressed. They allow that this purifier is inexpensive and pretty. But still, it's terrible and you should instead buy a different purifier that totally coincidentally happens to pay affiliate marketing commissions. When reading this review,...












            Diet Coke probably isn't a cognitive performance enhancer
        

            2022.06.13
        





Investigating the (aspartame → phenylalanine → dopamine) theory

"Very ambitious and successful and competitive and rich person loves Diet Coke" has been in the news recently, and friend of the blog Aaron Bergman proposes a theory as to why. Spelled out in more detail, it goes like this: 1. There are nine essential amino acids, one of which...












            Why it's bad to kill Grandma
        

            2022.06.09
        





Commonsense morality is an OK-ish utilitarianism

1. In college, I had a friend who was into debate competitions. One weekend, the debate club funded him to go to a nearby city for a tournament. When I asked him how it went, he said: Oh, I didn’t have enough time to prepare, so I just skipped the...












            Social dynamics of bluetooth speakers
        

            2022.06.06
        





A mathematical model of who turns on their bluetooth speaker at the beach.

Say you're at a park or a beach. How many people will have bluetooth speakers on? It seems to me there are three types of people: The main characters always turn on their speakers regardless of what anyone else is doing. The haters never turn on a speaker, no matter...












            Shorts for June
        

            2022.06.02
        





More on teaching, hot in-laws, medical diagnostics, and some questions thrown into the void

Here's a collection of a few disconnected follow-ups plus some questions thrown into the void. Contra me on teaching. A couple of months back, I took issue with Parrhesia's proposal to make final exams worth 100% of the final grade, on the grounds that it wouldn't work in practice. "You...












            What caused the hallucinations of the Oracle of Delphi?
        

            2022.05.30
        





Why did the oracle of Delphi go into a trance state? Does it have anything to do with ethylene?

In ancient Greece, the Oracle of Delphi operated out of the Temple of Apollo. This temple was destroyed in AD 390 by the Roman emperor Theodosius I in the name of Christianity. Still, it's a real place and the ruins still exist today. You can go see them. How did...












            Don't blame ethylene for bad tomatoes
        

            2022.05.26
        





Who can deny that many store-bought tomatoes have a certain similarité to acidic balls of cardboard?

Ethylene is the source of a lot of confusion, particularly when it comes to tomatoes. In *Tomatoland*, Barry Estabrook writes: "An industrial Florida tomato is harvested when it is still hard and green and then taken to a packinghouse, where it is gassed with ethylene until it artificially acquires the...












            Why is it traitorous to understand the people you disagree with? Six models
        

            2022.05.23
        





Reflections on a phenomena that's unique to culture-war topics

There's a certain phenomenon I often wonder about, one that only seems to occur with culture war topics. I usually try to avoid culture war, but it's impossible to discuss this phenomenon without an example and I don't see the point of tiptoeing around. So, abortion. For better or for...












            The madness of reduced medical diagnostics
        

            2022.05.19
        





The puzzling movement reduce diagnostic tests because of harmful downstream treatments

1. Say we’re detectives. We’re getting a drink and have the following conversation: Me: Ah, this case is killing me. You: Then why don’t you go talk to Big Eddie? Me: Nah—that would do more harm than good. You: How’s that? Me: Well, we all know Big Eddie often lies....












            Why nuclear weapons aren't getting bigger
        

            2022.05.16
        





Nations could build nuclear warheads much more powerful than they have now. But they have no interest in doing so. Why is that?

The Little Boy bomb detonated over Hiroshima in 1945 was a fission weapon where a critical mass of uranium-235 created a chain reaction of atoms splitting into lighter atoms, releasing energy and neutrons. While such weapons are very destructive, they are “inefficient” in that as the bomb starts to explode,...












            Ethylene in the food supply chain
        

            2022.05.09
        







Imagine you’re flying a plane full of babies. Initially, they’re all sleeping peacefully. But if one wakes up, they’ll start crying. That will eventually wake up some of the neighbors who will also start crying, and soon your plane will be an unhappy place. In this situation, you’d try very...












            Ethylene for fun and profit and produce
        

            2022.05.05
        





Ethylene gas, how it works, and how to manipulate it in your kitchen

Amos answered Amaziah, "No prophet am I, not any prophetic symbol, but a shepherd am I, who used to prick the sycamore fruit that it might duly ripen for the market." —Amos 7:14 (translated by Samuel Cox) While I'd like to understand the world, reality isn't structured to make that possible....












            My attempted cult recruitment
        

            2022.04.05
        





Dark patterns in social behavior

I was working in a cafe when a woman sat nearby and asked me if there was anywhere in the neighborhood she could see some art. Hoping to get back to work, I made a couple of suggestions. She asked many follow-up questions. Where were these places? Did I like...












            Creative nonfiction training exercises
        

            2022.04.04
        





Things I suggest you write about

After a mutant spider bite, you take Fluffer to a dog park and realize he is bark-gossiping about you with the other dogs. What is he saying?














            Why I don't believe in long-term thinking
        

            2022.04.01
        





Do we really know what the future needs?

The argument for long-term thinking goes something like this: ● There are X people alive today. ● In the future, there will be Y≫X people alive. ● All people have equal moral weight. ● Therefore the state of the world in the future is more important than the state of...












            Arguing without warning
        

            2022.03.24
        





We should encourage more public disagreement.

Probably most social norms are like that---even if we disagree with them, they're too entrenched to change. That's why it's important to watch for critical points where norms could go either way. Here's one such case: Say someone wrote something. You think they're wrong, so you write a manifesto arguing...












            You, your parents, and the hotness of who you marry
        

            2022.03.21
        





Why do you disagree with your parents about the importance of looks?

When you look for someone to marry, you’ll care about many things: Are they smart? Healthy? Kind? Funny? Educated? Employed? And are they, like, wicked hot?














            Teaching is a slow process of becoming everything you hate
        

            2022.03.11
        





Here are some things that I hated as a student. At the time, I thought my teachers didn't understand or care how terrible they were.

In a recent post, Parrhesia suggested that course grades should be 100% determined by performance on a final exam—an exam that could be taken repeatedly, with the last attempt being the course grade. (See also the discussion at r/slatestarcodex.) The idea is that grades are supposed to measure what you...












            Do economies tend to converge or diverge?
        

            2022.03.07
        





History suggests that poor countries have the same growth as rich countries on average, just with much higher variance.

I used to have a mental model that economic growth was about: 1. Figuring out clever ways to do stuff. 2. Doing it. Rich countries are at the technological frontier, so they have to do both of these things at the same time. Since figuring things out is hard, they...












            Warby Parker multiverse
        

            2022.02.14
        





Meanwhile, in the multiverse...

In your particular branch of spacetime, you may see things like this:














            A summary of the research on gas stoves and health
        

            2022.02.09
        





How much nitrogen dioxide do stoves make and how much does it hurt you?

Many recent articles have raised the idea that gas stoves are harmful to health:














            Reasons and Persons: The case against the self
        

            2022.02.01
        





A review of the thought experiments in Reasons and Persons by Derek Parfit (part three)

You want to go to Mars. There’s a machine that will scan and destroy all the matter in your body, send the locations of every atom to Mars, and then recreate it. You worry: Does this transport you, or does it kill you and make a new copy?














            How to use analogies for good not evil
        

            2022.01.24
        





Five proposed rules to make sure you're using analogies for good

To fix the analogy, you'd need some bizarre scenario where during the party America had lots of fun and created lots of dirty dishes but also, like, discovered new partying methodology and new ways to use dishes so they are easier to wash?












            Things you're doing but don't want to be doing
        

            2022.01.10
        





An analogy between coat racks, desire paths, arguing, vacuuming, reading, social media, drinking, vacations, and colonoscopies.

You learn a lot about people from their bedrooms. Some have TVs or books or laptops. Some have blackout curtains or stuffed animals or bottles of pills. But, vast as human experience is, one thing is consistent: Everyone has once-worn clothes strewn on the furniture. Why? In one sense, it's...












            Homosexuality and evolution
        

            2021.12.21
        





Why does evolution do what it does? And if you're a sentient being created by it, what should you think about that?

Here are two things that seem to be true: Homosexuality has a significant genetic component. Most pre-enlightenment cultures had norms against homosexuality. Huh? Genetic evolution kept the genes associated with homosexuality around, suggesting those genes don’t hurt reproductive fitness. Yet, cultural evolution favors norms against homosexuality. Why would two different...












            Plans you're not supposed to talk about
        

            2021.12.14
        





When does talking about a plan ruin it? Marriage, CO2, religion, self-promotion, edgelords, and Chinese medicine.

You're in love. The two of you want to share the rest of your lives. So, being good game theorists, you have a romantic dinner and plan how to align your interests for mutually beneficial optimal strategic behavior. Your goals are (1) to Odysseus yourself so that even if you're...












            Reasons and Persons: Watch theories eat themselves
        

            2021.12.07
        





A review of the thought experiments in Reasons and Persons by Derek Parfit (part one)

You live with a group of utterly rational and self-interested people on an island, gathering coconuts to survive. Tired of working so hard, Alice builds a machine and implants it in her brain. This machine leaves her rational except when it comes to fulfilling threats, which she always does regardless...












            Effective selfishness
        

            2021.11.30
        





We could be a lot better at taking care of ourselves.

Here are some things I'd like to know about how to live my life: 1. If I eat Brussels sprouts for dinner tonight instead of pizza, how much longer do I live (in expectation, in minutes)? 2. What should I eat to avoid getting tired after lunch? 3. If I...












            How the United States didn't ban the death penalty
        

            2021.11.26
        





What's the history of attempts to abolish the death penalty in the U.S.? And what did people think about them at the time?

Early America inherited much of Britain’s bloodthirsty but arbitrary approach to the death penalty, with theoretical penalties for things like theft and rebellious children that were rarely carried out. However, executions did happen for crimes short of murder: Death was a common penalty for repeated theft, and in 1644, a...












            Underrated reasons to be thankful
        

            2021.11.25
        





30 underrated reasons to be thankful, starting with the fact that atomic bombs don't ignite the atmosphere

That our atmosphere has low enough pressure and levels of deuterium that nuclear fission in air doesn’t cause hydrogen atoms to fuse into helium, meaning that the first nuclear bomb test in 1945 didn’t in fact ignite the atmosphere and engulf the planet in flames, which was still a bit...












            How France banned the death penalty
        

            2021.11.24
        





How did France ban the death penalty? And what did people think about it at the time?

Capital punishment was debated during the French revolution (1789-1799). Due to the influence of Beccaria and Voltaire, the discussion was similar to how the death penalty is discussed today. Robespierre said “The state’s execution of the death penalty is legalized murder.” (Though as Hammel points out, “given his later role...












            How the United Kingdom banned the death penalty
        

            2021.11.23
        





How did the U.K. ban the death penalty? And what did people think about it at the time?

When Beccaria wrote On Crimes and Punishments in 1764, there were around 150 crimes punishable in Britain by death. This “bloody code” included crimes as small as the theft of some items worth 1 shilling. For context, a skilled worker at the time could earn around 20 shillings in a...












            How Germany banned the death penalty
        

            2021.11.22
        





How did Germany ban the death penalty? And what did people think about it at the time?

Germany came close to banning the death penalty several times in its early history: In the 1848 revolution, the new constitution almost completely banned it, but this was immediately overturned by the conservative restoration. When Germany unified in 1870-1871 it again came very close to abolition before a late intervention...












            The death penalty as a lens on democracy
        

            2021.11.22
        





What does abolition of the death penalty teach us about who is in change?

Who is really in charge? In democracies, policies are correlated with public opinion, but why? The obvious explanation is that people choose representatives, and those representatives give them what they want. But maybe the causal arrow points in the other direction—maybe elites choose policies, and the public gradually figures that...












            A breakdown of the data on the homeless crisis across the U.S.
        

            2021.11.11
        





Many people see a homelessness crisis, but what does the data say? We examine different locations, rates of change, types of homelessness, and mental health and substance abuse issues.

Is the US in the midst of a homelessness crisis? Many people think so, but that's largely based on based on anecdotes. What does the data say? At a glance, this doesn't look very crisisy. Since 2015, things have gone up by less than three percent. Still, I think there...












            The big alcohol study that didn't happen: My primal scream of rage
        

            2021.10.04
        





Why did a huge alcohol RCT get cancelled? A strange story of science, academia, bureaucratic maneuvering, ambition, politics, capitalism, the deep state, secret emails, and slippery ethical slopes.

What does drinking do to your health? We can say two things with confidence: 1. Drinking is associated with lots of health problems. 2. Heavy drinking is bad for you. Here's a graph of some associations. Someone who averages 10 drinks per day is 50x more likely to get cirrhosis...












            Statistical nihilism and culture-war island hopping
        

            2021.08.26
        





If culture war is intractable, what should we do instead?

The Guadalcanal campaign was the first major offensive operation by the Allies in the Pacific theater of World War 2. This nightmarish battle ran for six months and—while an Allied victory—involved losses so high the US Navy refused to release casualty figures for years afterward. When this campaign ended in...












            Political polarization is partly a sample bias illusion
        

            2021.08.19
        





How polarized are we? An overview of what people of different political parties, education levels, races, and political engagement think about politics.

We’re here on Earth for such a short time. So, I often wonder—what do people spend their days thinking about? Judging from the ever-increasing amount of screaming everywhere, the answer would seem to be politics. But is that right? What opinions do normal people really have?














            General factors of intelligence and physical fitness
        

            2021.08.17
        





A review of correlations between human performance on physical and mental tasks, plus a description of how factor analysis is like a cigar

Is there a general factor of intelligence? This question is a trap. If you try to answer it, you’ll find yourself beset by semantic questions. What’s intelligence? What’s a factor? And if you get past those, you’ll then find a bleak valley of statistical arcana. What do the eigenvalues look...












            A review of early split-brain experiments
        

            2021.06.17
        





What happens if you cut your brain in half?

What happens if you cut your cortex in half? When this was first tried on animals, the answer seemed to be not much. But starting in the late 1950s, a series of experiments found that very weird things happen under careful testing. These experiments are fascinating for their implications into...












            What I learned from reading about writing
        

            2021.02.07
        







Have a consistent ruleset. Titles are a black art. Have empathy for the brain’s parser. It’s impossible to follow all the conventions. Write a thesis statement even if you hate it














            How to run without all the pesky agonizing pain
        

            2021.01.25
        





Why you shouldn't torture yourself when training to run.

I used to think the people I saw running were insane. They were confused about life. Whatever the benefits of running, nothing could justify that much suffering. Runners were cut from a different cloth. They had a strength of will I lacked. I would never be one of them.














            What happens if you don't fill out that ethnicity form?
        

            2021.01.15
        





Why do you have to fill out an ethnicity form to get a job in the US? What happens if you refuse?

If you ever joined a large organization in the US, you filled out an ethnicity form. Here’s a typical one:














            Sales tax creates more unnecessary pain than value added tax
        

            2020.12.09
        





Explains through a model of selling coconuts while value added taxes distort the economy less than sales taxes.

It turns out that sales tax has a huge, gigantic, terrible flaw: It punishes specialized businesses. A value added tax (VAT) has no such problems.














            Policy proposals and what we don't know about them
        

            2020.11.21
        





There's many suggested policies to address police violence. What do we know about if they actually work?

You can’t measure police bias using simple population ratios. A better idea is to check if police behave differently when it’s dark, but this doesn’t give any firm conclusions either. What else can we do?














            It's hard to use utility maximization to justify creating new sentient beings
        

            2020.10.19
        





The ethical theory of Utilitarianism applies to many situations, but runs into problems when choices might create new beings.

Cedric and Bertrand want to see a movie. Bertrand wants to see Muscled Duded Blow Stuff Up. Cedric wants to see Quiet Remembrances: Time as Allegory. There’s also Middlebrow Space Fantasy. They are rational but not selfish - they care about the other’s happiness as much as their own. What...












            Your ratios don't prove what you think they prove
        

            2020.10.08
        





Why trying to measure police violence though ratios is totally and utterly meaningless.

Watching people discuss police bias statistics, I despair. Some claim simple calculations prove police bias, some claim the opposite. Who is right?














            Doing discourse better: Stuff I wish I knew
        

            2020.09.29
        





What do we know about how to communicate effectively and find the truth?

Talking about sugar Nick and Maria want to talk about sugar. Does it reduce lifespan? They disagree, but are honest and principled. They want to find the truth and agree on it. How should they talk? Take turns? Try hard to be polite and respectful? Allow interruptions? Search for origins...












            Comparative advantage and when to blow up your island
        

            2020.09.11
        





Explains comparative advantage through trades of coconuts and bananas. Also, why it might be smart to blow up your island.

Economists say free trade is good because of “comparative advantage”. But what is comparative advantage? Why is it good? This is sometimes considered an arcane part of economics. (Wikipedia defines it using “autarky”.) But it’s really a very simple idea. Anyone can use it to understand the world and make...












            The veil of darkness
        

            2020.10.12 - 2021.02.09
        





Explores some natural experiments that try to measure police violence.

Measuring police bias using simple ratios doesn’t work. You can never cleanly separate the impact of race from other associated factors.














            Are ethics all a lie?
        

            2021.01.28 - 2021.02.16
        





If we only believe in ethics because of evolution, does that mean ethics are a lie?

Some people claim ethics aren’t practical. Others make a grim philosophical argument:














            In defense of Myers-Briggs
        

            2020.06.12 - 2021.03.01
        





examines claims that the big five personality traits is more scientifically valid than the myers briggs personality indicator

The Myers-Briggs Personality Indicator (MBTI) gets a lot of scorn. It would seem that the the MBTI is nonsense, but the Big Five is a real, scientifically valid test. To be sure, there's nothing wrong with the Big Five. But these haughty claims that it's dramatically better than the MBTI...












            The Cuboid: A DIY air purifier that's better than a box-fan
        

            2021.02.26 - 2021.03.02
        





Designs for a quieter, more energy efficient purifier, and data proving it really works.

I love box-fan based air purifiers. They are cheap, trivial to build, and people around the world have done experiments to show they actually work.














            Pragmatic reasons to believe in formal ethics
        

            2020.10.29 - 2021.03.11
        





Some situations where formal ethics are really needed for practical problems in real life.

Here’s a “low-brow” take on ethics that’s worth taking seriously:














            Why fairness is basically unobservable
        

            2020.11.23 - 2021.03.14
        





Why it's basically impossible to determine fairness from observational data.

We want to know if things are fair. Do some groups of people tend to get a raw deal in company hiring or university admissions or court sentences?














            Better air quality is the easiest way not to die
        

            2021.04.02 - 2021.07.23
        





Why the air you breathe matters, and what to do about it.

What do you worry about more: Getting exercise, eating vegetables, or the air you breathe? While most things that clearly improve health are well known, one is insanely underrated: Fixing your air. I suspect this is often the most effective health intervention, period. Nothing else is so important while also...












            Alcohol, health, and the ruthless logic of the Asian flush
        

            2021.05.30 - 2021.09.02
        





Why did the Asian flush evolve? What does this say about alcoholism? What does this have to do with Odysseus?

Say you’re an evil scientist. One day at work you discover a protein that crosses the blood-brain barrier and causes crippling migraine headaches if someone’s attention drifts while driving. Despite being evil, you’re a loving parent with a kid learning to drive. Like everyone else, your kid is completely addicted...












            Are some personalities just better?
        

            2021.05.06 - 2021.09.03
        





People with the same big five personality types tend to be more happy, successful, intelligent, creative, and popular. Why aren't there more tradeoffs?

I don't know if you like parties. I don't know if you're organized or punctual. But I bet you don't like rotting smells or long swims in freezing water. That is to say: People are different, but only in certain ways. What's the difference? Hypothermia enthusiasts have few kids, so...












            Napoleon's failure in Russia as an analogy for T-cell based viral immunity
        

            2020.12.22 - 2021.09.03
        





How the immune system's memory cells are like the Russian strategy for resisting Napoleon's invasion.

In June of 1812 Napoleon assembled the largest European army in history and invaded Russia. After months of bloody fighting, the French finally arrived in Moscow in September, surprised to find the city mostly abandoned. That night, remaining Russians set fires across the city, eventually burning most of it to...












            Experiments on a $50 DIY air purifier you can make in 30s
        

            2020.12.15 - 2021.09.03
        





You can make a DIY air purifier in 30s. To test if it works, I generated smoke, and measured how well it removes tiny particles.

Bad air is bad for you. The air purifier market, though, is a mess. Every purifier uses incompatible proprietary filters, presumably to lock you into buying replacements. How do we know these actually work? Few seem to publish lab tests. And why does it cost $100-$300 for a big plastic...












            Why I'm skeptical of universal basic income
        

            2020.12.03 - 2021.11.28
        





Common arguments for universal basic income are about liberty or automation of jobs. The "real" argument is much more mundane.

Universal basic income (UBI) is an odd duck. Proponents range from futurists to libertarians to social democrats. Why this weird range of people?














            Does the gender-equality paradox actually exist?
        

            2021.07.01 - 2021.12.06
        





Some claim that more feminist countries have fewer women in STEM. Others say this is nonsense. Who is right?

The gender-equality paradox is the (disputed) idea that countries with more gender equality have fewer women in STEM careers. While there’s lots of debate in the scientific literature about the causal implications of this paradox, there’s no agreement about a more basic question: Does the paradox even exist, or is...












            Making the Monty Hall problem weirder but obvious
        

            2020.09.17 - 2021.12.16
        





It's this simple: Do you want what's behind one door or the other nine?

Here’s an Obvious Problem: There are 10 doors. A car is behind a random door, goats behind the others. Do you want what’s behind door 1, or what’s behind all the other doors? That’s easy, right? Well, how about the Monty Hall problem? There are three doors. A car is...












            The case against ultrasonic humidifiers
        

            2021.04.18 - 2021.12.22
        





Why it's better not to use an ultrasonic humidifier

Let me state two things upfront: It is possible to use ultrasonic humidifiers safely. Regardless of how they’re used, we don’t know for sure that ultrasonic humidifiers are dangerous. Absolutely true! However, as typically used, ultrasonic humidifiers might cause health problems. This is supported by an abundance of peer-reviewed research...












            The simplest possible way to convert Celsius and Fahrenheit
        

            2020.10.30 - 2022.02.18
        





If you can switch the order of two numbers, you can convert temperatures.

This is a new way to convert temperatures between Celsius and Fahrenheit. It’s not the most accurate method, but it’s surely the easiest.














            How many extra days of life do you get from taking statins?
        

            2021.12.02 - 2022.07.15
        





How much do statins extend lifespan? An analysis based on a meta-analysis of six peer-reviewed papers.

It’s hard to say how much running increases lifespan. To test it, you should take thousands of people, tell half to run, and then follow everyone for years while making sure they follow their instructions. That’s not easy, and even if you did it, you still have to worry: Did...












            What I learned trying to classify abortion access across the rich world
        

            2022.07.18 - 2022.07.23
        





Rich countries are not monolithic. However, outside the US and a few microstates, they vary in a limited range.

With abortion in flux in the US, I realized I didn’t have a clear picture of how things looked in the rest of the rich world. When I searched, I found lots of maps, like the following from Politico and Wikipedia:














            It’s perfectly valid for a trait to be more than 100% heritable
        

            2021.07.15 - 2022.08.20
        





What heritability really is: A fluid statistic that changes whenever society changes.

All psychological traits are heritable. This is the best replicated finding in all of behavioral genetics. Some recent numbers include: Religiosity: 44% Schizophrenia: 79% Big five personality traits: ~40% But what, exactly, does "heritability" mean? I used to have a mental model something like this: Each person has some number...












            The main thing about P2P meth is that there's so much of it
        

            2021.10.26 - 2022.08.22
        





Since around 2009, methamphetamines have been made with phenylacetone (P2P). Is there a chemical different causing schizophrenia?

Sam Quinones was recently on Econtalk and in the Atlantic talking about methamphetamines and homelessness. He points out that “old” meth was made from ephedrine and that “new” meth is made from a chemical called Phenylacetone or P2P. He suggests that new meth might be chemically different in a way...












            What happens if you drink acetone?
        

            2020.09.14 - 2022.08.25
        





How dangerous is it to drink acetone or nail-polish remover? Here's the key scientific facts, compared to ethanol.

Question: Should you drink acetone? Answer: No. But, out of interest, what if you did? This question is asked repeatedly on the web, with with many answers smugly stating that even tiny amounts of acetone will instantly kill you, you idiot. But they provide no evidence. Fact #1: Acetone bottles...












            Two conspiracy theories about cola
        

            2021.10.20 - 2022.08.26
        





Does cola contain a drug to prevent you from throwing up from the sugar? And is Mexican Coke somehow better than American Coke?

Our first conspiracy theory has all the best qualities: 1. It sounds insane. 2. At first, the facts seem to support it. 3. Later, the facts lead to disquieting reevaluations of the medical system. So here's the conspiracy: "Cola has so much sugar in it that you'd throw up from...












            Effectiveness beats accuracy
        

            2022.09.08 - 2022.09.13
        





We believe stuff because it benefits us to believe it, not necessarily because it is true.

We believe stuff because it benefits us to believe it, not necessarily because it is true. Phrased that way, it seems like an obvious point—of course evolution made us like that, what else could it have done? But this has surprising explanatory power.














            So you want to invent a nuclear weapon
        

            2022.05.11 - 2022.10.19
        





From atoms to big boom.

1. You’re in the mood for destruction. One day, you hear about this phenomenon of “radiation” where matter gives off energy. You think—perhaps you can harness this property of nature to make a big boom. Apparently matter is made of discrete objects called atoms, which have nuclei made up of...












            The irrelevance of test scores is greatly exaggerated
        

            2021.04.14 - 2022.10.24
        





Some claims that test scores don't predict college success don't add up.

Here are some claims about how grades (GPA) and test scores (ACT) predict success in college. "In a study released this month, the University of Chicago Consortium on School Research found—after surveying more than 55,000 public high school graduates—that grade point averages were five times as strong at predicting college...












            A modest proposal: For preventing the heat in bathwater in Britain
        

            2022.10.27 - 2022.10.30
        





FROM BEING A WASTE TO THE BATHER AND COUNTRY, AND FOR MAKING IT BENEFICIAL TO THE PUBLICK

Europe is in an energy crisis. There are lots of things that might be done, but most are slow or expensive or painful or don't accomplish much. But here's a little daydream: 1. We use lots of energy to heat our homes. 2. We use lots of energy to heat...












            Simpson's paradox all the way down
        

            2020.11.16 - 2022.12.11
        





Visualizes Simpson's paradox, and shows how it's a deeper problem than many people realize.

It's hard to get into Oxford. Is it easier if your parents are rich? In 2013, The Guardian showed noticed something disturbing: Students from (expensive) independent schools were accepted more often that students from state schools (28% vs 20%). Of course, a natural question to ask is, did students from...












            How I learned to stop worrying and structure all writing as a list
        

            2022.03.17 - 2023.04.15
        





We like lists because they are an objectively good way to organize information. They allow readers to quickly and easily get what they want.

Say you want to learn about sleep. You see two articles: 1. "Theory and practice of effective sleep" 2. "Seven insights about sleep" Are you drawn to the second? I am. Of course, I hate myself for this because I've internalized the idea that lists are cheap and low-class. But...












            A model for journalistic copypasta
        

            2022.08.11 - 2023.05.14
        





Why are prestigious outlets often so mediocre, and why do we read them anyway?

Here’s a thing that happens sometimes: Somebody thinks that A causes B. They gather data and find that A and B are correlated. They write a paper. In it, they’re careful to only say that A is “associated” with B, and that the data is imperfect, and that they only...












            Aspartame: Once more unto the breach
        

            2022.06.16 - 2023.06.29
        





Like it or not, there's a clear scientific consensus

Look, I get it. Diet Coke tastes sweet because it has aspartame in it. Aspartame is a weird synthetic molecule that’s 200 times sweeter than sucrose. Half of the world’s aspartame is made by Ajinomoto of Tokyo—the same company that first brought us MSG back in 1909.














            First-principles on AI scaling
        

            2023.03.06 - 2023.07.11
        





How likely are we to hit a barrier?

It's hard not to feel blinkered by recent AI progress. Every week there seems to be an AMAZING NEW SYSTEM with UNPRECEDENTED CAPABILITIES. It's impossible not to wonder what the future holds. Until recently, I thought progress was so dizzying and unpredictable that the best bet was to throw all...












            So you're thinking about writing on the internet
        

            2022.02.14 - 2023.07.28
        





Observations on the dynamics of writing and commenting.

I'm not famous or successful, so why should you care what I think? Well, I have some observations about the dynamics of writing on the internet that I think my (even more non-famous and non-successful) self would have benefited from when I started. The whole idea of writing is crazy:...












