










ebdeveloper.com - Shopify Partners, SEO, Web Marketing, Scraping








 






















Home


About


Services


Shopify


Scraping


SEO


Contact













We Make Your Site Shine

We specialise in 

Shopify
Web Scraping
SEO
Web Marketing
Web Design


Take your online presence to the next level.
We cater for solutions to your budget.
No project is too big or too small.




















We Are An Experienced digital Agency.
Based in Brussels and Malta, we strive in keeping updated with the latest industry standards and updates, in producing digital content and products, to make your online presence efficient, competitive, visible and cost effective. We want you to maximise from all online opportunities, achieve tangible results and to organise you strategically in improving your business, keeping reasonable costs, whilst increasing your ROI.




Our
                                    Strategy
                                

Fundamentally, businesses today need an effective, well planned and co-ordinated online strategy to be able to outperform the competition. We do not simply develop websites, just to be part of the online crowd. We prefer to study your web business model, identify digital opportunities and provide you with a holistic strategy on how to combine all your online resources to maximal effect, both in the short and long term.
Our business activities can be divided in website development, web scraping, seo, branding and web marketing.


Watch







Shopify & Web Development



Web Scraping



SEO



Branding and Web Marketing













I could either watch it happen or be a part of it.
Elon Musk
CEO, and lead designer of SpaceX











Awesome
                            Top Services
                        





Shopify Partners
The Shopify platform is currently the best cost-effective solution, with multiple pick and choose apps, to make your online buying experience more effective to your customers. As shopify partners, we are what you need. 







Web Scraping
Source data from your competitors' websites and remain always on top of your industry. We can help you to automatically benchmark your business from the rest of the crowd. 







SEO Analysis
Through our comprehensive SEO Analysis reports, we will identify the best keywords to use for optimising your ROI. For the best SEO results, planning and strategy is important - it is a medium-term process of mutliple efforts working together.







Social Marketing
Concentrate on your core-business as we handle your social media presence for you in a timely and professional fashion.







Custom Web Design
Have unique requirements? Do you need specific solutions? Have an innovative idea which needs digital development? You can count on us to deliver what you are looking for.
							






Custom Support
Every client has their specific resources and experiences. We can step in only when really needed and so after-sales support is tailored according to these specific needs.


















Get
                                            In Touch
                                        






















Send Message


















Phone : 
Brussels: +32 484 986 254
Malta: +356 7938 6977









Email : 
Administration: admin@ebdeveloper.com
General Queries: info@ebdeveloper.com















© 2020 ebdeveloper.com - All Rights Reserved.


 

































 





