





Echoes and Chimes

























		Skip to content









 

 











About
Subscribe
Other Work
 







 






 

 











Main Menu

 









About
Subscribe
Other Work
 










 
Everyone Is An Imposter 

I. I am generally considered to be a pretty smart guy. Now to say this directly is to invite doubt and disaster. I know that. I feel it deep in my bones. It’s been drilled into me that, outside of certain domains (like rap and sports), it’s impolite to talk directly about one’s abilities. But …
  Everyone Is An Imposter Read More »


 




 
Istanbul By The Horns  

When I think back on the five nights I recently spent on holiday in Istanbul, I think of words like “dense”, “sprawling”, and “kebap”. I think of steep cobbled streets and unclean air. I think about what a privilege it was to be able to travel again (or at all). Before the wonder of the …
  Istanbul By The Horns  Read More »


 




 
Upgrading Imagination: The Promise Of DALL-E 2 As A Tool For Thought 

When I was a kid, I’d spend the hours after school on the circular trampoline we had assembled in our backyard. I’d go into a kind of trance. Though my body would be engaged in jumping up and down — or, when that grew dull, and when the blue plastic cover that obscured the springs …
  Upgrading Imagination: The Promise Of DALL-E 2 As A Tool For Thought Read More »


 




 
Notes Against Sasha Chapin’s Notes Against Note-Taking Systems 

Dear Sasha  I’m writing to disagree with you. This, I hope you’ll agree, is a high honour. It’s a sign that I think your thoughts are worth taking the time to grapple with and unpick. I’m doing this to satisfy myself, to contribute to the discourse around the value of note-taking systems, and to consolidate …
  Notes Against Sasha Chapin’s Notes Against Note-Taking Systems Read More »


 




 
My Favourite Books, Movies, and Games of 2021 

Here are the best books, movies, and games I encountered in 2021 (in no particular order). I was pretty meandering in my choices last year, guided by what books were in second-hand stores, what movies were in cinemas, what games were on sale. So I make no claim to objectivity. I’m writing this to share …
  My Favourite Books, Movies, and Games of 2021 Read More »


 




 
Another Day In The Informational Wilds 

08:30 An early start today, as I prepare to head out. Not physically, of course – my body will stay slumped in my chair, in front of my screen – but digitally, mentally, there’s a lot of ground to cover. I have trails to follow, sources to gather, answers to find. Tasks are piling up; …
  Another Day In The Informational Wilds Read More »


 




 
Sorry Doesn’t Scratch the Surface 

[I wrote this essay a few months ago for an academic opportunity that didn’t pan out. I don’t know what else to do with it, so I’m posting it here. A link to the original paper, with all references intact, is available below.]  I: A Common Case  If you’ve spent any time in a South …
  Sorry Doesn’t Scratch the Surface Read More »


 




 
Please, Resist Racial Essentialism 

There are many reasons for heartache right now. You probably already know what they are. In Gauteng and in KZN, lives have been lost and livelihoods have been destroyed as areas are looted. The situation in Durban threatens to devolve into a race war. To call it ‘unrest’, or even a ‘riot’, is to put …
  Please, Resist Racial Essentialism Read More »


 




 
On Being the Only Brown Guy at the Climbing Gym 

Two things stood out to me last night, when I entered the local climbing gym:  i) I was the only person of colour ii) I was the only person who placed a lock on my locker …I suspect these two facts are not unrelated.  I’ve been in various predominantly-white spaces before, but indoor climbing is …
  On Being the Only Brown Guy at the Climbing Gym Read More »


 




 
Home is a Set of Concentric Circles 

Home is a set of concentric circles which ripple out from one’s body. At least that’s how I’ve been thinking about it this last year, since I came to the end of my five-year plan (study hard, get a degree, find a job) and found the rest of life waiting.  It’s like this: beyond my …
  Home is a Set of Concentric Circles Read More »


 

 




Recent Posts


Everyone Is An Imposter


Istanbul By The Horns 


Upgrading Imagination: The Promise Of DALL-E 2 As A Tool For Thought


Notes Against Sasha Chapin’s Notes Against Note-Taking Systems


My Favourite Books, Movies, and Games of 2021


Archives

July 2022
May 2022
February 2022
January 2022
December 2021
October 2021
July 2021

 
Subscribe









Please leave this field emptyEmail Address *


Thanks! Follow the link just sent to your inbox to complete the sign-up process.  
        
 






 







Copyright © 2023 Echoes and Chimes | Powered by Astra WordPress Theme
 

 

















