





Liam Quigley – Work by New York City reporter and photographer Liam Quigley







































Liam Quigley

REPORTER










NYC Slice
Uncategorized
date: 2014-2023
January 10, 2023

Starting in 2014, I logged every slice of pizza I ate in New York City on the Instagram account NYC Slice. The results shown below are collected from 464 slices. Over an eight-year period the average price of a plain slice increased from $2.52 to $3.00. This calculation excludes dollar slices.


At NYC school with sharpest drop in math scores, high poverty, crowded classrooms and a recent gun scare
Gothamist
November 6, 2022

At the Brooklyn school that saw the sharpest drop in math scores in the city since 2019, classrooms are chronically overcrowded, 81% of students have experienced poverty and students recently had to pass through metal detectors before going to class.


The Illegal License Plate Covers Are Coming From Inside the Adams Administration
Hell Gate
investigation
November 4, 2022

The Brooklyn director of the Mayor’s Community Affairs Unit was driving a Jeep with illegal license plate covers and flashing police lights.


NYPD pursues speedy justice as drag racers, daredevils remain a problem on NYC streets, highways
NY DAILY NEWS
New York Daily News
August 16, 2022

It’s a cat and mouse game — but the mice drive too fast and recklessly and are not always held accountable, even when cops nab them. With Rocco Parascandola. 


‘Eager Beaver’: For Highest-Paid NYC Correction Captain, There’s Plenty of Work Outside Rikers
Hell Gate
investigation
June 28, 2022

Violence in NYC jails recently hit all-time record highs. Why is the Correction Department’s highest-paid captain moonlighting for the federal government? 



SPEED DEMON: PBA President Pat Lynch is Driven Around Really Fast!
Streetsblog
investigation
January 24, 2022

Last week after two police officers bravely ran into a burning building in The Bronx to save an elderly woman, police union head Patrick Lynch rushed to the scene. Perhaps too quickly: the 2021 Chevy Suburban in which Lynch was chauffeured has a staggering 29 school-zone speeding violations since 2016.


Two-thirds of NYC school buses have speeding, red light camera tickets
NY DAILY NEWS
investigation
October 11, 2021

Some New York City school bus drivers have a need for speed, racking up a total of thousands of traffic tickets for recklessly operating the big yellow vehicles that carry roughly 150,000 schoolkids every day. With Michael Elsen-Rooney and Clayton Guse.


Dangerous drivers still on city streets despite thousands of speeding tickets
City Limits
investigation
January 15, 2020

A months-long investigation led to a Nassau County address linked to the vehicle and a man who claims his employer paid all the tickets. It’s one of a limited number of cases where thousands of dollars in fines have proven ineffective at changing behavior and highlights a blindspot of the city’s Vision Zero initiative. 


In fight over trash zone system, Queens residents demand ‘waste equity’
amNewYork
September 5, 2019

Garbage trucks registered with BIC run red lights at alarming rate: Analysis
amNewYork
investigation
August 29, 2019

Vehicles registered with the Business Integrity Commission have been caught speeding past schools and running red lights at an alarming rate, according to an amNewYork analysis of traffic camera violations.
























