






elmah.io - Error logging and Uptime monitoring for .NET












































Features
Pricing
Tour
About
Docs
Blog


Login
Free Trial










Reduce bugs with monitoring & notifications
elmah.io is the easy error logging and uptime monitoring service for .NET. Take back control of your errors with support for all .NET web and logging frameworks.


Reduce Errors Now
no credit card required




Take the 2-minute tour








































Error Logging
Uptime Monitoring
Deployment Tracking
Apps and Integrations
Heartbeats
Quick Fixes
Issue Tracking





















We monitor your websites
We monitor your websites for crashes and availability. This helps you get an overview of the quality of your applications and to spot trends in your releases.





We notify you
We notify you when errors start happening using Slack, Microsoft Teams, mail, or other forms of communication to help you react to errors before your users do.





We help you fix bugs
We help you fix bugs quickly by combining error diagnostic information with innovative quick fixes and answers from Stack Overflow and social media.





Learn more about logging and tracking errors - notifications and integrations












Scott Hanselman
Principal Program Manager at Microsoft



"What a great idea, ELMAH (Error Logging) for .NET in the cloud."


Start logging now








Trusted by more than 8,000 developers from 70 countries





























Error Monitoring
With elmah.io Error Monitoring, all errors on your websites are automatically synced to elmah.io’s powerful infrastructure in the cloud. Using a range of different dashboards, it is easy for you to monitor the current state of your applications and react as soon as something breaks down. You can track both a single application as well as get the full picture of all applications, using a range of interesting metrics. Integrations with popular instant messaging and issue tracking systems, reduce the time from introducing an error to deploying a fix in production. Our users tell us that elmah.io helps them introduce fewer errors into their applications.
Learn more about .NET error logging and monitoring
Watch video








Uptime Monitoring
elmah.io Uptime Monitoring continuously pings your endpoints from up to 5 different regions. When your endpoints start failing, errors are logged in your existing error logs. This means that all of the rules and notifications already set up just work. No need to maintain your team and notification rules in multiple tools. Uptime checks also validate your SSL certificates and domain names, giving you a chance to renew both before users start experiencing errors in their browser.
Learn more about Uptime Monitoring .NET web applications
Watch video


















Deployment Tracking
Deployment Tracking gives you a perfect overview of the different versions of your software. New versions of your software are automatically registered by elmah.io. Metrics about the performance of each release are collected immediately. Being able to determine if a new release introduced bugs, will allow for quick fixing or rollback to a previous version. Deployment Tracking supports all of the popular deployment choices on the market, like Azure DevOps and Octopus Deploy.
Learn more about Deployment Tracking and releasing new software with confidence
Watch video








Heartbeats
Heartbeats is for scheduled tasks and services as Uptime Monitoring is for your websites. Add a predefined schedule and publish heartbeats to elmah.io when a scheduled task succeeds, every hour from your Windows Service, and much more. elmah.io automatically monitors your heartbeats. Using the built-in notifications and App Store, your teams are notified as soon as one of your heartbeats is unhealthy or missing.
Learn more about why your scheduled tasks and services will love Heartbeats
Watch video










Take the full tour





















































Angela Rogers
Senior .NET Developer at P&RO Solutions - Bringing efficiency and effectiveness to plant management teams

elmah.io is amazingly easy to implement. You put in a few lines of code and it just works.
We were looking for a good way to be notified when any of our systems were down. By combining .NET Core Health Checks with elmah.io, we are immediately notified if any of our Windows services are not running, if configured database queries fail, or any configured endpoints are not responding. elmah.io has provided a way for us to be aware of problems before our customers.



Lars Jacobsson
Lead Developer at MatHem.se - Sweden's leading online grocery store

We use it all the way from the development to production environments
By collecting all error logs in one place, elmah.io has given us a much better insight into our applications. We use it all the way from the development to production environments and by doing so it's hard not to catch errors before they go live. A huge plus is that it works with any popular logging framework and isn't limited to ELMAH. Getting started is easy and adds no development overhead - it just works. If it for whatever reason doesn't, then the support is very quick to reply and happy to help.



Quynh Nguyen
Chief Technology Officer at Rosslyn Analytics - Rosslyn Analytics helps organizations create new business value from previously inaccessible enterprise data

I would personally use elmah.io and recommend it to my developer friends
elmah.io has been an important part of our process over the past two years. We first used it as a trial for an internal API to help with debugging. The ease of use won the whole team over and elmah.io quickly became the de facto choice for all production projects at Rosslyn Analytics. elmah.io's web interface makes it accessible for not only developers but also project managers and testers, especially for a distributed team like ours. It facilitates the flow of information and saves us plenty of development time in the process.



James Reátegui
Chief Technology Officer at juntoz.com - Perú's B2C Marketplace

elmah.io makes it easy for us by providing a centralized dashboard with real-time stats
Keeping track of issues in a micro-service architecture can be tricky, but elmah.io makes it easy for us by providing a centralized dashboard with real-time stats for our multiple apps. When we see issues pop up, being able to quickly see how recurrent a particular error is over time with elmah.io's graphs helps us identify urgency. We've never had uptime issues with the SaaS offering and are overall very happy with elmah.io and the level of support.



Ismail Mayat
Senior Web Developer at thecogworks.com - A leading Umbraco Gold Partner

elmah.io opened up a whole new window to our site codebase
We use elmah.io across all our projects at The Cogworks. We became familiar with it when one of our existing projects was causing us performance issues. Trawling through our application and IIS logs we had found nothing of note but when we installed elmah.io it opened up a whole new window to our site code base. We soon found the problem and all was fixed. Now after working with it on an ongoing basis, what we really like is the slack integration that acts as an early warning system. Now it’s a case of how did we ever live without it?



Ian Buchan
Director of Technology at iAM Global Education - Increasing access to education that will allow you to shape your world

I would gladly recommend elmah.io to anyone who wants to untangle their logging environment
I've been working with elmah.io for a little over a year now in a .NET Core Lambda environment. Their logging offerings are well-featured, easy to implement, and a fraction of the cost of their competitors. On top of their great products, their support team has been top-notch. On multiple occasions, I've had the opportunity to directly work with one of their developers to help solve my issues or concerns. I would gladly recommend elmah.io to anyone who wants to untangle their logging environment.



David Strickland
Chief Technology Officer at NeuroticMedia - Neurotic Media helps brands influence consumer behavior using popular artists and songs

elmah.io provides the most amazing UI to slice and dice the data
I have used the standalone ELMAH for a decade. It's a great standard for handling errors, but it's a pain to set up the DB logger. It required constant attention, and the only tool to search the data is manual SQL statements. elmah.io makes it incredibly simpler to set up and incorporate ELMAH into your projects. It is remarkably stable, and the UI is much more than a simple list of errors. elmah.io provides the most amazing UI to slice and dice the data as an analytics server. I see it as an invaluable tool to provide a high-quality product at neuroticmedia.com.



Gary Chapman
Co-Founder of Property UX

elmah.io will never leave you stranded up the creek
We all know that elmah.io is invaluable in simplifying website monitoring & error logging, but their other great strength is the level of engagement and support that they offer. I don't think I've ever waited more than 5 minutes for Thomas to respond to a query, regardless of the time of day. I was once on a river in Borneo when my phone happened to locate a weak 3G signal and inform me of an overflowing elmah.io log. I managed to send out a quick S.O.S to Thomas, who (within minutes) very graciously extended our message allocation until I could return home and take proper action. I look forward to using elmah.io for many years to come.





Read full customer stories
















Sleep well at night with elmah.io
elmah.io is error logging, uptime monitoring, deployment tracking, and service heartbeats for your .NET and JavaScript applications. Stop relying on your users to notify you when something is wrong or dig through hundreds of megabytes of log files spread across servers. With elmah.io, we store all of your log messages, notify you through popular channels like email, Slack, and Microsoft Teams, and help you fix errors fast.






Error Management







Deployment Tracking







Uptime Monitoring







Heartbeats




TRUSTED BY MORE THAN 8,000 DEVELOPERS FROM 70 COUNTRIES












×

Sign Up



Username & Password





Twitter





Facebook





Google





Microsoft















Sign up for elmah.io to get a copy of our brand new ebook .NET Web Application Logging Essentials.
Sign Up













Sign Up Nowno credit card required






Product

Features
Pricing
Tour
App Store



Company

About
Contact
Blog
Docs



Learn

Customer Stories
For CEOs and CTOs
Alternatives
API



Guides

.NET DevOps
.NET Microservices
.NET Cloud Logging
ASP.NET Core Error Logging



Online Tools

Web.config Validator
Stack Trace Formatter
Web.config Transform Tester
More Free Tools










2013 - 2023 @ elmah.io. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Refund Policy




Twitter
Facebook
Linkedin


















