













Cap Table, Valuations, Manage shares | Eqvista










































 







 






Eqvista










Pricing
Services

Equity management Cap Table
Issuing Shares
Managing Shareholders
Financial Modeling
All Features
Business valuation 409a Valuation
Stock-Based Compensation
Software Valuation
Startup Valuation Software
All Valuation & Filing


409A valuation
Partners
Contact
Account login














Issue and manage company shares
Issue electronic shares to founders, employees & investors. Sign up now, no credit card required.
Eqvista is trusted by over 14,000 companies.


Get Started - It’s free!
Free training - demo



































Eqvista offers cap table management and valuations for all companies
Manage your company’s cap table and valuations with Eqvista! Whether you’re a small startup or a large corporation, Eqvista provides tailor-made services and packages to fit your company’s needs, including cap table management and unlimited 409A valuations combined. You can get started for free with our Freemium plan, then upgrade your account when your company grows.


Learn more











Features & Benefits
Take advantage of Eqvista platform to issue stock and stay connected with your shareholders. Become more efficient and eliminate time consuming paperwork so your company can focus on what really matters.
Fast & Easy Onboarding for Companies of all sizes.















Share management
With our dedicated team and advanced platform, freely manage the shares in your company, all online. You can issue new shares, transfer existing shares, and many others.














Company incorporation
Once you have your idea for your business and are ready to start, head over to our page for your company incorporation. We can help set up a company and get your business running in no time!














Issuance of company shares
Companies can issue electronic stocks for shareholders, and no longer need to deal with old paper certificates. With our platform, you can issue shares to founders, investors, and others seamlessly.














Cap table management
The best part of our system is the cap table management for companies. They can not only manage the equity of their company, but also be up to date with all the company records and filings.














409A Valuation & Reports
We help our clients get the best 409A valuation in the market with our valuation team. Your company valuation and 409A reports will drive your company further with your business.














Waterfall analysis
The most powerful waterfall analysis on the market to analyze and form data visualization of your company’s financing rounds, share dilution and exit waterfall scenarios.














Financial Analysis & Company Standing
With all the company records and information in our system, you can easily generate financial analysis and complete record to show you where your company stands.














CONNECTING AND SHARING INFORMATION WITH OTHERS
Try our software now and share all of your important information with your founders, shareholders, accountants, lawyers and others. You can grant access to others smoothly in our platform, and download reports.









Explore
More Features
& Services

Check out more










created for helping entrepreneurs be successful


Eqvista is an always-improving tool that gains new features. Our company is working to help transform how modern businesses are built and run.




More about us







Trusted by over 14,000 companies










































I was looking for a company to make equity easy for founders- Eqvista has done it. Eqvista’s cap table software is easy to use, their valuations are competitively priced, and their customer support is excellent.

– Maria W. (Attorney and Founder)


                        , Full review 



Eqvista handled our 409A valuation quickly, we got the report within a week. Their pricing was affordable for our startup. They are very helpful and it was easy to communicate with staff.

– Lukas H. (General Manager)


                        , Full review 



We needed a 409a valuation for tax purposes and Eqvista provided a great service to solve the problem. They were very communicative throughout the process, making things much easier. I’d encourage others to utilize Eqvista.

– Rian W. (CEO)


                        , Full review 



I didn’t use the software, but I had an excellent 409A valuation. The Eqvista team did a great job on our common stock valuation. They were very detailed and professional.

– David S. (CEO)


                        , Full review 



Great alternative to Carta. Eqvista is simple to use and covers all your needs at the seed stage level. They also offer a cheap 409A valuation. They have a reactive team and they are well-documented.

– Fred C. (CEO)


                        , Full review 














Interested in issuing & managing shares?
If you want to start issuing and managing shares, Try out our Eqvista App, it is free and all online!



GET STARTED


















Interested in cap table and valuations?
Insert your e-mail and we will send you news about business.












Please leave this field emptyYour e-mail *


Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
        
 







Follow Us On:













Cap Table
Complete Guide to Cap Table
Introduction to Cap Table
What is a cap table?
How to create a cap table
How to Manage your cap table
Understanding a startup cap table
Important Cap Table mistakes to avoid

Shareholders
Company Setup and Stages
Shareholders & Share Structure



Company Valuation
Company valuation introduction
3 Methods of Company valuation
Valuation: The Asset-Based Approach
Valuation: The Income Approach
Valuation: The Market Value Approach
Other methods for valuation

409A Valuation
Get your 409A valuation
Get 409a Valuation for Your Startup
409a Valuation – The Complete Guide



Types of Company Funding
Introduction to company funding
Debt vs Equity funding
Different type of investors
Types of funding
Steps to Seed funding

Employee Shares
Introduction to employee compensation
Types of employee compensation
Best type & situation for stock options
The benefits of employee ownership



Resources
Eqvista Blog
Frequently Asked Questions
Support Articles
Start your start-up
Open a business account with Cheqly
Business Valuation Calculator
Convertible Note Calculator
DCF Calculator
Eqvista Raise
About us
More Resources






          2023 © Eqvista Inc. All Rights Reserved. Eqvista does not provide legal, financial or tax advice.
        

Terms & Conditions of Use
Security Policy





    ;

    



We will be pleased to help you in dealing with all the aspects of your business.


 




















































