






Find and fix problems in your JavaScript code - ESLint - Pluggable JavaScript Linter



































Skip to main content



















Donate










Team


Blog


Docs


Store


Playground











Find and fix problems in your JavaScript code






Find
and
fix

problems






in
your
JavaScript
code



                        ESLint statically analyzes your code to quickly find problems. It is built into most text editors and you can run ESLint as part of your continuous  integration pipeline.

                    



ESLint quick install code

ESLint quick install code









Get Started
Become a Sponsor









ESLint Versions
Latest Version




v8.49.0 on 8 Sep

Upcoming Version




v8.50.0 on 22 Sep

Development




HEAD on 12 Sep








The pluggable linting utility for JavaScript and JSX

                ESLint is an open source project that helps you find and fix problems  with your JavaScript code. It doesn't matter if you're writing JavaScript in  the browser or on the server, with or without a framework, ESLint can help  your code live its best life.

            



Find issues
ESLint statically analyzes your code to quickly find problems. ESLint is  built into most text editors and you can run ESLint as part of your  continuous integration pipeline.


                        Learn more about finding issues with ESLint





Fix problems automatically
Many problems ESLint finds can be automatically fixed. ESLint fixes are  syntax-aware so you won't experience errors introduced by traditional  find-and-replace algorithms.


                        Learn more about fixing problems automatically with ESLint





Configure everything
Preprocess code, use custom parsers, and write your own rules that work  alongside ESLint's built-in rules. Customize ESLint to work exactly the  way you need it for your project.


                        Learn more about configuring ESLint














News and Updates

                The latest ESLint news, case studies, tutorials, and resources.
            







Published under: Release Notes
            

                1 min read
            



                ESLint v8.49.0 released


            We just pushed ESLint v8.49.0, which is a minor release upgrade of ESLint. This release adds some new features and fixes several bugs found in the previous release.
        



Milos Djermanovic
08 Sep, 2023









Published under: Release Notes
            

                1 min read
            



                ESLint v8.48.0 released


            We just pushed ESLint v8.48.0, which is a minor release upgrade of ESLint. This release adds some new features and fixes several bugs found in the previous release.
        



Milos Djermanovic
25 Aug, 2023









Published under: Release Notes
            

                1 min read
            



                ESLint v8.47.0 released


            We just pushed ESLint v8.47.0, which is a minor release upgrade of ESLint. This release adds some new features and fixes several bugs found in the previous release.
        



Nicholas C. Zakas
11 Aug, 2023






View all posts






Welcome to the community

                ESLint is the #1 JavaScript linter by downloads on npm (over 34.3M  downloads / week) and is used at companies like Microsoft, Airbnb, Netflix,  and Facebook.

            



15.3M
Dependents


34.3M
Weekly Downloads


23.4K
Stars







Sponsored by fantastic people

                We receive $135,888.00 / year in donations from 168 sponsors.

            











































































































View all sponsors



Recent One-time Donations





Pink Fluffy Nico
September 6, 2023


        + $1.00
    






Pink Fluffy Nico
August 6, 2023


        + $5.00
    






Eze Solomon
July 17, 2023


        + $1.00
    






Ritik
June 26, 2023


        + $5.00
    






StackAid
June 16, 2023


        + $91.00
    






Cybozu
June 14, 2023


        + $3,576.00
    





View all donations





testimonials






ESLint has been critical in helping developers write high-quality JavaScript for years. We love that it catches common issues early and often. With a high level of extensibility, ESLint's ability to let teams enforce custom rules that work for them has been excellent for open-source projects and more. Chrome is happy to sponsor ESLint to help web developers write consistently high-quality code. It's an essential piece of the modern web development toolkit.






Addy Osmani
Senior Staff Eng. Manager, Chrome












Nx uses ESLint to enforce code quality, library boundaries, and project visibility constraints. ESLint makes Nx more powerful, so on behalf of the Nx.dev community, we're proud to do our part and sponsor ESLint's continued success!






Jeff Cross
Co-founder and Principal Architect, Nx












ESLint is an extremely useful tool for any JavaScript project. This tool allows us to set up consistent code formatting rules adopted by the whole team from the beginning of the project, greatly facilitates code reviews, and makes it easy to integrate new developers into the team. I know I am not alone in appreciating its flexibility and ease-of-use.






Médédé Raymond KPATCHAA
Technical Architect, Salesforce












Most JavaScript projects directly or transitively depend on ESLint. An Indeed employee nominated ESLint to receive a donation from the FOSS Contributor Fund, and their colleagues clearly agreed. We're happy to support the open source technologies that allow us to develop, protect, and maintain the digital infrastructure that supports our products and helps people get jobs.






Duane O'Brien
Head of Open Source, Indeed












ESLint plays a major role in helping us create a safe and consistent experience across a growing number of codebases and engineers. We are grateful for all the open-source projects that are helping us build Contra, and ESLint is the first of many open-source projects that we are committed to back.






Gajus Kuizinas
Co-Founder / CTO, Contra













































Ready to fix your JavaScript code?

                    Install from npm or start donating today.
                


Get Started
Become a Sponsor





Social Media









































Theme Switcher



Light



Dark




Change Language

Language Switcher

            Selecting a language will take you to the ESLint website in that language.
        


                Language
            



                🇩🇪 Deutsch
            

                🇺🇸 English (US)
            

                🇪🇸 Español (ES)
            

                🇫🇷 Français
            

                🇮🇳 हिन्दी
            

                🇯🇵 日本語
            

                🇧🇷 Português (BR)
            

                🇨🇳 简体中文
            






Copyright OpenJS Foundation and ESLint  contributors. All rights reserved. The OpenJS  Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks.  For a list of  trademarks of the OpenJS Foundation, please  see our Trademark Policy  and Trademark List.   Trademarks and logos not indicated on the  list of OpenJS Foundation  trademarks are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of  their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with  or endorsement by them.



Secondary

Branding
The OpenJS Foundation
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
OpenJS Foundation Bylaws
Trademark Policy
Trademark List
Cookie Policy
















