







Essence Venture Capital





















































0








      Skip to Content
    










































        Blog
      


OSS Startup Podcast


YAIG
















Open Menu
Close Menu














































        Blog
      


OSS Startup Podcast


YAIG
















Open Menu
Close Menu























        Blog
      



OSS Startup Podcast


YAIG





































infrastructureinfrastructureinfrastructure
















Essence VC is a data infra and dev tools specialist fundWe don’t try to be “value add”We only succeed if we make a difference.Here’s how:



We develop stories

 

Technical founders are great at building, but not always great at telling the most exciting narrative to non-technical audience (e.g: investors, customers and more).Having both deep technical background and personal operating experience, we dive deeper than others can and help brainstorm fundamentally different possibilities.

 

We develop founders

 

The path from a deeply technical background to a CEO is a unique transition, and having personal founder + operating stories, we have a unique empathy to listen and help work through the emotional and tactical journey to grow towards an effective leader.

 

We develop communities

 

Experiencing growing open source and developer communities from a first-hand experience, helps us have a unique network and tactical advice when it comes to building a new community or product traction.














We develop engineer teams

 

Hiring engineers is one of the hardest part of the company journey, yet has one of the largest impact to the company trajectory. We were founders with senior engineering leadership experiences, that also have over tens of thousands developer connections through open source and developer communities.We can help on hiring your founding engineer, head of engineer and more.














What Founders Are Saying

 

“Hands down the most valuable investor in our cap table.”

 

“The most valuable angel on our cap table.”



“You’re the best investor we could have asked for”

 

“…constantly gives highly valuable product feedback and makes his stellar network of advisors and founders available to us”












 

The Essence FamilyEvery founder we support becomes part of the Essence family, that has quickly become every founder’s go-to community to ask questions and support one another. Here is everyone that is part of this family ->
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































whoami

 











Timothy Chen
Managing PartnerTim is the Managing Partner at Essence VC, with a decade of experience leading engineering in enterprise infra and open source communities / companies. Prior to Essence, Tim was the SVP of Engineering at Cosmos, a popular open source blockchain SDK. Prior to Cosmos, Tim cofounded Hyperpilot with Stanford Professor Christos Kozyrakis leveraging decades of research to disrupt the enterprise infrastructure space, which later exited to Cloudera. Prior to Hyperpilot, Tim was early employee at Mesosphere and CloudFoundry. Tim is also active in the open source space as an Apache member.


























Franciska Dethlefsen
GTM AdvisorFranciska is a GTM Advisor to Essence VC and passionate about helping data and infrastructure startups get from 0 to 1. When she's not helping out the Essence portfolio, she also works with startups 1:1 in an advisory capacity. Franciska is the Director of Product-Led Growth at Amplitude where she's leading the charge on PLG strategy and execution. Prior to that, she was Head of Growth at Iteratively (acquired by Amplitude) and before that Franciska built out the marketing function from scratch at Snowplow Analytics.






















Sign up here to receive latest news and update





Email Address






Sign Up





Thank you!













