







Best GTD App for Getting Things Done on Linux and Cross-Platform - Everdo































Download
Pricing
Forum
Blog
Documentation
Sync











Download
Pricing
Forum
Blog
Docs
Sync







Take control of your work and life with Everdo -
                    a powerful cross-platform GTD app with focus on privacy

Download for Windows
Download for MacOS
Download for Linux (AppImage)

Windows
Windows 32-bit
MacOS
AppImage
Deb
Pacman
Snapcraft
















                           Filter your tasks by Time and Energy estimates to find the optimal next actions.
                        






                            Organize and keep track of your projects.
                        






                           Partition your tasks by domain or Area of Responsibility.
                        






                           Easily create checklists within your actions.
                        






                            Capture ideas and new action items instantly.
                        






                            Flexible tag-based filtering.
                        






                            Switch between the Dark and Light themes.
                        






                            The Next Actions list can be either combined or partitioned by Project.
                        






                           Use the Focus list to keep track of actions that need most attention.
                        






                            Search and navigate easily with the keyboard.
                        














What makes Everdo special?


Built specifically for GTD

                            GTD (Getting Things Done) by David Allen is a proven method for productivity. 
                            We designed Everdo to make Getting Things Done easy and sustainable. 
                            It has all the tools needed to follow the method, including projects, next actions lists, 
                            contexts, time and energy labels, areas, and more.
                        
Learn more about GTD features in Everdo


Clean and beautiful design

                        We believe that using your productivity tools should be pleasant in order to be sustainable. 
This is why we treat UI design as the highest priority.
We have spent countless hours to ensure that the user interface looks good and has no
clutter or distractions.
                    
Learn more about Everdo UI design


Low-friction user experience

                        When you are in the flow, every second counts.
A productivity app should not get in the way.
Everdo emphasizes usability features aimed to simplify navigation, and reduce the number of unnecessary clicks.
                    
Learn more about how Everdo achieves low friction


Data privacy and ownership

                       Your tasks and projects may be your most valuable and sensitive personal information.
This is why Everdo is designed to keep your data on your device and 
provide an optional end-to-end encrypted sync service for online syncing.
                    
Learn more about how Everdo stores data and achieves privacy


Offline-first standalone apps

                        You shouldn't depend on an internet connection or a web browser or a cloud server 
                        for something as fundamental as managing your tasks.
                        Everdo is always available on your devices, no matter where you are.
                    
More on the benefits of standalone apps


Cross-platform

                        Everdo does not lock you into an OS vendor or mobile platform. It works on Windows, Linux, macOS, Android, and iOS.
                        You won't have to migrate data to a different app just because you got a computer with a different operating system.
                    
Learn more about supported platforms and distributions


Flexible sync options

                        For maximum privacy Everdo lets you sync your devices over the local network without depending on a cloud service.
                        At the same time, we provide an end-to-end encrypted sync service, making online sync seamless and ensuring
                        that your data is never stored in a readable form outside your device.
                    
Learn more about Everdo sync


Product with a vision

                            We truly want to create a better product by focusing on user experience, 
                            privacy, and good design.
                            We want Everdo to be a tool to simplify your life while keeping you in control. The app
                            that you can finally stick to and hopefully the last GTD app you will ever need.
                    
Learn more about Everdo mission and values









Everdo

Overview
User Manual



Legal

License Agreement
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy



Get in Touch

Forum





info@everdo.net



Copyright © 2017
                        Intellation Ltd
GTD® and Getting Things Done® are registered trademarks of the David Allen Company. Everdo is not affiliated with or endorsed by the David Allen Company.









