





Arthur Breitman's blog | ex.rs

Arthur Breitman’s blog | ex.rs











































Blog


About




















ex.rs

        Arthur Breitman's blog. Mostly Tezos.
    






Featured




















Crowdsourcing supplements stacks, part 1

Part 1: LLM ideation









Arthur B.
25 Jun 2023






























Protocol-level transaction fees?

The following is a collection of thoughts around fee markets in general and mechanism to fold in transaction fees in a protocol, such as the...







Arthur B.
11 Sep 2020






























On Supply Caps

This blog post expands on a popular Reddit comment on the benefits and drawbacks of supply caps. This topic is particularly interesting as it touches...







Arthur B.
02 Sep 2019






























Tezos: Philosophy and Values

This is meant to be a concise guide to the principles and values we hope to see embodied by the Tezos network. A longer, more...







Arthur B.
21 Mar 2017

















All Stories












Why I am joining the Tezos Foundation council

Seven years ago, I embarked on a mission to bring about a new form of money: bound by algorithmic rules, and yet capable of evolution; decentralized, and yet capable of...







Arthur B.
24 Feb 2021


















Potential design for a simple, and evolvable, on-chain treasury.

I have been compiling some thought from various community members regarding the design of an on-chain treasury for Tezos chains, and what that might look like. Of course, there is...







Arthur B.
13 Jun 2019


















A few directions to improve Tezos

In which I outline, for different categories, what seems to me as reasonable, immediate, directions for improving Tezos. The emphasis is on relatively low hanging fruits, nothing earth shattering, just...







Arthur B.
22 Oct 2018


















Towards Futarchy in Tezos

Futarchy, in a nutshell, is the governance technique of evaluating policies ex post while relying on a prediction market to determine the best policy ex ante.









Arthur B.
19 Aug 2018


















It’s a baker’s life for me: being a Tezos validator

What is baking? Bitcoin has mining, Tezos has baking. In Bitcoin, miners compete to publish blocks containing a proof-of-work stamp by repeatedly hashing block headers. In Tezos, block creation is...







Arthur B.
25 May 2018


















Hash-Consing in Tezos

I’ve spoken several times of hash-consing as a way to store contract data efficiently for the Tezos blockchain. Here’s why it’s useful, how it works, and what its limitations are....







Arthur B.
31 Dec 2017















« Prev
1
2
3
4
Next »










Explore →



blockchain (3)
bitcoin (3)
math (3)
economics (1)
finance (1)
probability (2)
tezos (20)
michelson (1)
baking (2)
ethereum (1)
ai (1)
bio (1)








                Copyright © 2023 ex.rs 
            

Mediumish Jekyll Theme by WowThemes.net
            




 








