



Google Family Group - Stay Connected with a Family Account 





































Families







            Create a family group
          








Jump to Content









Families












            Create a family group
          





 




Keep your family connected with a family group

















Share the products you love with the people you love. Set digital ground rules, keep your family entertained, and get more from your products and subscriptions across Google.



    Get started
  








Getting started is easy





















Simply create a family group with up to 6 members. Invite the people you love and choose what you share across Google.






    Get started
  







Get more out of Google with a family group







Create healthier digital habits






A family group helps you guide your kids as they learn, play, and explore online.


Create healthier digital habits
A family group helps you guide your kids as they learn, play, and explore online.










Family Link
Guide kids to quality content by managing the apps they use, and keep an eye on screen time.












Google Play
Approve content and manage your family’s app purchases with one payment method.












Stadia
Set gameplay limits, approve purchases, and manage privacy settings to help your kids play safer online.









Keep your family on track






Keep everything on schedule and everyone in the loop.  Easily manage the week with family calendars, notes, and shopping lists.


Keep your family on track
Keep everything on schedule and everyone in the loop.  Easily manage the week with family calendars, notes, and shopping lists.










Calendar
Share school plays, family picnics, and other events to stay on top of everybody’s busy schedules.












Google Keep
Jot down gift ideas and keep a running shopping list with helpful notes, shared lists, and reminders.












Google Assistant
Ask Google Assistant to assign a reminder to a member of your family like “get ready for school” to keep daily routines on track.









Keep your family entertained






Get more value from your plans and subscriptions by sharing your favorite entertainment with your family group.


Keep your family entertained
Get more value from your plans and subscriptions by sharing your favorite entertainment with your family group.










YouTube Premium family plan
Share a family plan and enjoy ads-free videos, downloads, and background play on YouTube and YouTube Music.












YouTube TV
​​Sign up to watch live TV. Everyone in your household gets personal access, library and unlimited DVR.












YouTube Music Premium family plans
Share Music Premium with your family to listen ad-free, offline, and with your screens off.









Buy and share as a family






Sign up for Google products and subscriptions as a family to share books, apps, storage, and more.


Buy and share as a family
Sign up for Google products and subscriptions as a family to share books, apps, storage, and more.










Google Play Family Library
Share Google Play purchases like apps, games, books, movies, and TV shows with your family group.












Google Play Pass
Give your family group access to hundreds of ad-free games and apps with Google Play Pass.












Google One
Share all the benefits of Google One including additional cloud storage for all family members — without sharing any of your personal files.














Frequently asked questions












              Expand
            

              Collapse
            







How does a family group work?









When you create a family group, you become the family manager. This means you can invite up to 5 other people to join and if they accept your invitation, they’ll be added to your family group. Family managers can delete the group, invite, or remove members at any time. Get started by creating your family group now.


 




How much does a family group cost?









Creating or joining a family group doesn’t require a paid membership or subscription. A family group allows you and your family group members to get more out of the Google products you already use. Some Google products require purchasing family plan subscriptions for premium services.


 




What can I share in a family group?









Once you create a family group, you'll see a list of Google apps and services that the family manager can choose from for the family to share.


 




I have kids in my family group. How are they supervised?









Family managers can manage their parental controls for supervised accounts in a family group. The family manager can also give another parent parental permissions to help manage a supervised account.


 




Are there any restrictions or requirements?









To create a family group, you must be 18 or older (or the applicable age of consent in your country). In order to join your family group, the people you invite must have a Google Account. People can only join one family group at a time and they can only switch to another family group once every 12 months.


 




Are family group and Family Link related?









Family group and Family Link are two different services that can work together. With a family group you’re able to share your favorite apps and services like YouTube, Play Family Library, Google Assistant, and more.


When you create a child account in your family group, that’s where Family Link comes in. Family Link allows you to set digital ground rules for your child’s account such as restricting content, approving app downloads and purchases, setting screen time and more. Learn more about Family Link.


 




Where can I learn more?









For more information on how a family group works, what you and your family can share, and other details, visit Google For Families help center.


 








Not all products or features may be available in all locations.


Footer links


Follow us


































 
About Google

Google products

Privacy

Terms












