








FlixBus: Convenient and affordable bus travel in the US from $4.99

























































































              Skip to main content
          










Plan Your Journey




Route Map




All Bus Destinations




Vacation Ideas






Service




All Services




Manage My Booking




On Board




Reduced Mobility




Sustainability






Real-Time Info




Help












Plan Your Journey




Route Map




All Bus Destinations




Vacation Ideas






Service




All Services




Manage My Booking




On Board




Reduced Mobility




Sustainability






Real-Time Info




Help





                      English
                    Open language selection











                English
              Open language selection













                          Български
                      




                          Bosanski
                      




                          Català
                      




                          Čeština
                      




                          Dansk
                      




                          Deutsch
                      




                          Deutsch
                      




                          Deutsch
                      




                          English
                      




                          English
                      




                          English
                      




                          English
                      




                          Español
                      




                          Español
                      




                          Español
                      




                          Estonian
                      




                          Français
                      




                          Français
                      




                          Français
                      




                          Français
                      




                          Hrvatski
                      




                          Magyar
                      




                          Italiano
                      




                          Italiano
                      




                          Lithuanian
                      




                          Latvian
                      




                          Македонски
                      




                          Norsk (bokmål)
                      




                          Nederlands
                      




                          Nederlands
                      




                          Polski
                      




                          Português
                      




                          Português
                      




                          Română
                      




                          Slovenčina
                      




                          Slovenščina
                      




                          Shqip
                      




                          Srpski
                      




                          Svenska
                      




                          Türkçe
                      




                          Українська
                      




                          中文
                      


















          Bus Travel in the US from just $4.99
      











































 Manage My Booking 







 Bus Tracker 







 Help 


















                          Health and Safety
                      

                          Keep yourself and others safe while traveling with us.
                      

Learn more












                          Comfort on board
                      

                          Our buses are equipped with large and comfortable seats, a toilet, Wi-Fi and power outlets.
                      

Our onboard service












                          Satisfied Customers
                      

                          We've transported 100+ million happy customers worldwide. US customers give us an amazing 4.5 stars.
                      

Read customer reviews












                          The Green Choice
                      

                          FlixBus is one of the most eco-friendly ways to travel. Learn more about our sustainability initiatives and carbon offset programs.
                      

Offset emissions for your trips















              Discover the easy way to travel
          
Choose now from almost 2,300 destinations across the US and benefit from our extended network with Greyhound.

            Explore the map
            










Get Cheap Bus Tickets from $4.99 with FlixBus!
If you're looking to travel around The United States or even worldwide, FlixBus has got you covered with our extensive bus routes! With over 400,000 routes across the globe, you can easily find the perfect option for your trip. Plus, our cheap bus tickets make it easy and affordable to get wherever you want to go, whether it's for work or play.
Bus Routes and Timetables to Suit Your schedule
Traveling with FlixBus is hassle-free with our modern and comfortable buses, frequent connections, and reliable schedules. Our extensive network spans almost 2,300 destinations in 40+ countries, including major cities in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. Plus, enjoy free WiFi on most of our buses and track your journey in real-time using our bus tracking system. What's more, our integration with Greyhound provides even more coverage and travel options throughout North America, making FlixBus the ideal choice for domestic and international travel.
Buying Your Bus Tickets is Easy with FlixBus
Our website and app make it easy to plan your journey, find the cheapest bus fares, and purchase your bus tickets securely. Whether you're planning or booking a last-minute trip, FlixBus makes buying bus tickets a breeze. Plus, with our convenient e-ticket system, you can board your bus without the hassle of paper tickets as your phone will serve as your ticket!
Discover the Best Destinations FlixBus has to Offer
With FlixBus' extensive network of routes, you can easily explore some of the most popular cities in the US, as well as travel to Canada and Mexico. And thanks to our integration with Greyhound, our network is even more expansive, giving you even more options for intercity travel. Whether you're exploring New York City, spending a weekend partying in Las Vegas, soaking up the culture in Boston, or discovering the hidden gems of Los Angeles, FlixBus makes it effortless to experience all that the US has to offer.
Travelling with FlixBus is a more sustainable choice
Traveling by bus is not just a convenient choice but also an environmentally responsible one, as bus travel reduces traffic and emissions compared to travelling by car. We are working to make bus travel even greener with high environmental standards across our fleet of buses, the use of alternative drive and fuel technologies, and the option for all passengers to offset their carbon when buying their bus tickets. So, when you travel with FlixBus you can know you are making a responsible choice
Travel in Comfort and Style with FlixBus
FlixBus not only prioritizes comfort and convenience for your journey, but also ensures that you can travel with all your necessary luggage. Each passenger is allowed to bring one carry-on and one stowed luggage with them on the bus. In addition to the luggage allowances, our buses offer amenities like on-board WiFi, extra legroom, power outlets, and toilets, making your trip as smooth and enjoyable as possible. With our user-friendly app and simple booking platform, planning your bus travel has never been easier. Book your bus ticket with FlixBus today and travel in comfort and style with all your luggage in tow.






Top Destinations and bus connections




                        Cities
                    



                        Connections
                    








New York, NY


Los Angeles, CA


Washington, D.C.


Boston, MA


Houston, TX


Chicago, IL


Atlanta, GA


Dallas, TX


Las Vegas, NV


Philadelphia, PA


Orlando, FL


Miami, FL


Phoenix-Tempe, AZ


San Antonio, TX


Seattle, WA


Austin, TX


San Diego, CA


Newark, NJ


Detroit, MI


Baltimore, MD






New York, NY - Boston, MA


Boston, MA - New York, NY


Los Angeles, CA - Las Vegas, NV


Washington, D.C. - New York, NY


New York, NY - Washington, D.C.


Las Vegas, NV - Los Angeles, CA


New York, NY - Philadelphia, PA


Philadelphia, PA - New York, NY


Miami, FL - Orlando, FL


New York, NY - Atlantic City, NJ


Atlantic City, NJ - New York, NY


Orlando, FL - Miami, FL


San Diego, CA - Los Angeles, CA


Toronto, ON - New York, NY


Los Angeles, CA - San Diego, CA


New York, NY - Montreal, QC


New York, NY - Toronto, ON


Montreal, QC - New York, NY


New York, NY - Albany, NY


New York, NY - Baltimore, MD














Bus Travel




                            All Bus Destinations
                        



                            Route Map
                        



                            Bus Travel in the US
                        



                            Overnight Buses
                        



                            Business Travel
                        



                            Get the App
                        



                            European Services
                        



                            Discounts and promotions
                        







Discover




                            Events and Festivals
                        



                            Vacation Ideas
                        



                            Canada
                        



                            Germany
                        



                            Portugal
                        



                            Poland
                        



                            Denmark
                        







FlixBus




                            About FlixBus
                        



                            Greyhound
                        



                            Jobs
                        



                            Press Room
                        



                            Terms & Conditions of Purchase
                        



                            Terms & Conditions of Travel
                        



                            Sustainability
                        



                            Reseller login
                        







Customer Service




                            Help
                        



                            Services
                        



                            Manage My Booking
                        



                            How to Book
                        



                            Reduced Mobility
                        



                            Seat Reservations
                        



                            Baggage
                        












                
                    Flix App
                
            








Flix on:












































                          Legal
                      

                          Privacy Policy
                      

                          Photo Credits
                      


                          Your Privacy Choices
                      


                © 2023 FlixBus Inc
            
























