

























































Twitter Follower Analysis, Comparison, Tracking and More



Followers  Analysis & Data
User Tweets Analysis & Data








Products 
Old Tweets
Pricing
Blog


 (0)
				

Login
Register





Home
Followers Analysis & Data
User Tweets Analysis & Data
Old Tweets
Pricing
Blog


 (0)
		

Login
Register

 



Twitter

Follower Analysis
Following Analysis
Account Analysis



Export the list of all Twitter followers and following in CSV/Excel along with their analysis



Followers Analysis & Data
User Tweets Analysis & Data






Download Sample Report of @katyperry
Download Sample Report of @katyperry










Logging in through Twitter
We require Twitter authentication to retrieve tweets and followers data from Twitter. Please note: 

1. We don't post anything on Twitter
2. Your account information is 100% confidential

Click here if not redirected.










































Followers Analysis & Data
Get the complete list of Twitter Followers & Following Data as well as 3200 tweets of any Twitter account in CSV/Excel along with a comprehensive analytics PDF. Twitter follower analysis includes Most active and popular followers, Followers last tweet date, Followers' account age, etc.

Download Sample
Learn More













User Tweets Analysis & Data
Export any public Twitter user's recent 3200 tweets in a CSV/Excel datasheet and analyze it with the help of FollowersAnalysis' advanced AI-based analytical tool. The analytics include the best time to tweet, the Most mentioned keywords, Most retweeted, liked tweets and Week-Day Peak Usage Pattern, etc.

Download Sample
Learn More











Expanding Globally With Over

43,000+ Sign-ups
6500+ Satisfied Customers 
72000+ Analyzed Twitter Accounts








Why Choose FollowersAnalysis?



Get Recent 3200 Tweets and More
Along with Twitter followers data, you can also export more than 3200 tweets of any public Twitter account with Tweet content, URLS, and more.

More than 3200 tweets on special request. Download old tweets of any Twitter account or related to any hashtag, keyword, or @mention  in a CSV/Excel file. 
Meta data along with tweet content like Tweet id, URL, Time, Source, retweet and like count and lot more
List of URLs of Images which are used in the tweets
List of URLs of Videos which are used in the tweets






















Comprehensive Twitter data
Our tool performs Twitter follower analysis and provides complete data related to a Twitter account and hence furnish you with the required firepower to win the social media battle, and at the end, drive valuable conversions for your brand:

Get a full list of all the followers of any Twitter account along with lots of useful metadata.
Followers Metadata includes the Twitter id of followers, account creation date, Name, username, Profile URL, Location and many more
Get millions of followers data of a Twitter account in a single file or multiple CSV/excel files.








Research and Analysis
Twitter follower analysis helps you analyze twitter users and their followers with the help of our AI-based tool. We provide a detailed analysis of Twitter accounts to help you in Research and Analysis.

Get to know the potential reach and overall impressions created by the tweets of an individual account
Know Tweet timeline, major devices sources, tweet patterns and more
Know most retweeted and liked tweets of an account.
Get detailed Twitter followers and following analysis which includes followers activity graph, Twitter age and other interesting facts
Get the complete data and CSV/Excel sheet as well






















Pay as you go pricing
We believe in complete transparency and therefore charge only for what you purchase. 

No subscription plan
No automatic monthly deduction
No hidden charges
Just one-time payment
An E-commerce platform for Twitter analysis










Followers Analysis exclusive analytics and insights
FollowersAnalysis provides lots of useful analytics that are derived from raw tweet and followers data. These analytics help our users to conduct research, build a marketing event, and design future strategy. Twitter Followers Analysis can provide you with a lot of useful insights. All the crucial analytical metrics are explained below.







Best Time to Tweet
Know the best time for a user to tweet to get maximum exposure and retweets. It is calculated based on retweets gained by the tweets which were tweeted in the past.







Tweet Client Source
The devices which are used to post the tweets are client sources. They are Twitter web client, Twitter for iPhone, Twitter for Android, TweetDeck, etc.







Week-Day Peak Usage Pattern
Week-Day peak usage pattern is the pattern between hours of the day and days of the week which shows the tweeting pattern of Twitter users.







Most Retweeted and Liked Tweets
Among all the tweets of a Twitter user, you can know its 10 most retweeted tweets and 10 most liked tweets. It helps in knowing what kind of tweets gain maximum exposure.







Top Twitter Followers and Following
Know the most popular, most active, most liked followers and following. Twitter Account Analysis helps in finding out the key influencers of the industry. It helps you in getting a brief idea about how active they are on Twitter and how authentic their followers are. Statistics such as tweet reply percentage provide us with an idea of their activeness on Twitter.







Other Followers Analytics
Other analytics provided by Followers analysis are Followers’ Last Tweet Date, Account Age of Followers, Tweets, Followers, Following Count of Twitter Account Followers, Followers Verified and Protected Percentage

















Features provided by Followers Analysis





Export data to Excel/CSV
Export large volume of raw twitter data in excel (csv) format.







Downloadable PDF report of Analytics
Download PDF containing various useful analytics and insights from raw Twitter data.







Influencers search
Find out those Twitter Followers and Following which are most impactful and influential.









Predictive Followers analytics
Predict the best time to tweet, the best hashtag to use, etc. with the help of existing raw Twitter data.







Notifications and Alerts
Get email notifications at every event happening in your FollowersAnalysis account.







Tweet timeline and pattern
Get a detailed timeline of all the tweets as well as their daily and weekly pattern.









Separate Media Files
Get a separate image and video files that contain URLs, Media ID, and Tweet IDs of all the media.







Replies/Comments on a Tweet
Get all the replies/comments received on any Tweet in CSV/Excel file. It contains Reply content, Tweet id etc.







Customization
Get Customized reports, customized tools and filtered data to fulfill your needs and requirements.










FAQ



How can I see a list of someone's followers on Twitter?

You can see a list of someone’s followers on Twitter by visiting their profile and clicking on ‘followers’. You have to scroll down until the end of the page a couple of times to load up all the people who follow the account you’re viewing. If you want to export their Twitter followers, we recommend using FollowersAnalysis.com instead of copy-pasting, as this can be a tedious task for accounts with more than 500 followers.



How do I Download Twitter data for research?

FollowersAnalysis lets you download tweets from any public Twitter account, hashtag, keyword, or mention. There is no limitation to the Twitter data download, hence you can get all the tweets of any public Twitter user. The data is provided in CSV, Excel, and JSON formats.



How do I analyze my Twitter followers?

You can use FollowersAnalysis to download and analyze your followers’ data.
It provides insightful metrics such as followers' last tweet date, account age of Twitter followers, Tweets, followers and following count of Twitter account followers, verified and protected Twitter followers percentage, and list of top followers, and following that helps you make data-driven decisions.



How to detect fake Twitter followers?

There are a few ways to tell if a follower is fake, a bot, or just an inactive account. It’s important to make the distinction between a real and a fake account for better engagement results.
You can use FollowersAnalysis to get a followers report for any account. In the report, you get a list of detailed metrics that can help you identify fake Twitter followers or you can just run fake followers audit of any public Twitter account with FollowerAudit.com.















Platforms


Customers


Students And Universities


Custom Requirement




Company


About


Contact


Enterprise Solution




Latest Research & Insights






  



Copyright © Bytesview Analytics Private Limited 2018-2023. All rights reserved.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Refund Policy
Chat with us
Follow @followersanalys











When you visit or interact with our sites, services, applications, tools or messaging, we or our authorised service providers may use cookies and other similar technologies for storing information to help provide you with a better, faster and safer experience. Learn more here.





