












Forward Thinking Founders































































        
            
                
                Forward Thinking Founders
            
        













                       Episodes
                    




                                        

                                            All Episodes
                                            
                                                927

By Category


                                        

                                            Investor Interviews
                                            
                                                12



                                        

                                            Founder Interviews
                                            
                                                247



                                        

                                            Breakouts (Startups that have grown 10x AND raised over $10M since our interview)
                                            
                                                5



                                        

                                            Early Bets
                                            
                                                4






                       Reviews
                    




                                        

                                            All Reviews
                                            

                                        
                                    




                                                    Rate on Apple Podcasts
                                                






                                                    Rate on Spotify
                                                







                        Rate Show
                    



                       Follow
                    






                                                    Apple Podcasts
                                                






                                                    Spotify
                                                






                                                    Google Podcasts
                                                






                                                    Overcast
                                                






                                                    Castro
                                                






                                                    RSS Feed
                                                








Twitter





Search






                Follow
            



                            Apple Podcasts
                        


                            Spotify
                        


                            Google Podcasts
                        


                            Overcast
                        


                            Castro
                        


                            RSS Feed
                        














Forward Thinking Founders

        Forward Thinking Founders is a founder podcast where we interview high potential founders from networks like Y Combinator, The Thiel Fellowship, Product Hunt, Twitter, etc. and brings to light what they're building for the world. Think of it like the opposite of How I Built This, where we interview founders before they are successful, then if they are, we have a moment in time we can look back on in the early days. Does the model work? Look at our early interviews and you'll have your answer.
    


Latest Episode













New to Forward Thinking Founders?


                                
                                    Here are some great episodes to start with.
                                    
                                        Or, check out episodes by topic.
                                    
                                
                            





















491 - Delian Asparouhov, Principal at Founders Fund


                                                                
                                                                
                                                                    Episode 491
                                                                
                                                            
















123 - Dave Goldblatt Pitches Elizabeth Yin On Partner Mondays


                                                                
                                                                
                                                                    Episode 120
                                                                
                                                            
















021 - Kate Swanson (CEO of Ensembl) on Kitchenware


                                                                
                                                                
                                                                    Episode 21
                                                                
                                                            
















020 - Jack Forbes (CEO of PadPiper) on Travel Mobility


                                                                
                                                                
                                                                    Episode 20
                                                                
                                                            
















011 - Kristen Anderson (Cofounder of Catch) on the Future of Benefits


                                                                
                                                                
                                                                    Episode 11
                                                                
                                                            
















Austen Allred (CEO of Lambda School) on the Future of Education


                                                                
                                                                
                                                                    Episode 6
                                                                
                                                            
















Stacey Ferreira on the Future of Work


                                                                
                                                                
                                                                    Episode 1
                                                                
                                                            

















Recent Episodes


View all 















                    926 - Olivia Chu (CytoBay) On Building AI Facilitated Cancer Diagnosis


                    Sept. 11, 2023
                

                    Olivia Chu is the cofounder of CytoBay . CytoBay is a platform company for AI facilitated cancer diagnosis using cytology specimens.  Our staining methodology allows tumor marker expression and morphology to be evaluated on …
                














                    925 - Lisa Wehden (Plymouth) On Enabling More Transparent Immigration Services


                    Sept. 11, 2023
                

                    Lisa Wehden is the cofounder of Plymouth Street .  Plymouth is a different type of immigration company — Their mission is to accelerate US innovation through faster and more transparent immigration services.
                














                    924 - Julian Alvarez (Wisdolia) On Pioneering AI Generated Flashcards To Learn Faster


                    Sept. 11, 2023
                

                    Julian Alvarez is the cofounder of Wisdolia . Wisdolia is a Chrome extension that uses AI to generate flashcards with questions & answers for any article, PDF, or YouTube video so that you can better ingrain what you learn.
                














                    923 - Diana Muturia (Clyn) On Building The Ultimate App For Home Cleaning Services


                    Sept. 11, 2023
                

                    Diana Muturia is the founder of Clyn . Clyn makes great cleaning services accessible to more people without compromising the cleaner’s pay.
                














                    922 - Sven Radavics (Intribe) On Lowering Your CAC w/ Partnerships


                    Aug. 29, 2023
                

                    Sven Radavics is the founder of InTribe . InTribe helps companies, social enterprises and non-profits grow faster and increase their reach by making partnerships easier.
                














                    921- Slava Heretz (Camlann) On Democratizing Video Game Discovery


                    Aug. 23, 2023
                

                    Slava Heretz is the founder of Calmann . Calmann is democratizing video game discovery & helping studios productize game release to massively increase sales
                







View all Episodes







Want to keep up with Forward Thinking FM news? Sign up for our mailing list!

                    Email has been submitted.
                





                        ...
                    

By signing up, you agree to receive email from this podcast.
Subscribe








































Investor Interviews Episodes
            



496 - Gaurav Jain, GP at Afore Capital


491 - Delian Asparouhov, Principal at Founders Fund


See all →






Founder Interviews Episodes
            



914 - John Kirtley (PostureFix) On Helping You Fix Your Posture


913 - Tyler Denk (Beehiiv) On Building The Best Newsletter Platform


See all →






Breakouts (Startups that have grown 10x AND raised over $10M since our interview) Episodes
            



304 - Josh Clemente (Levels) On Tracking Blood Glucose in Real Time


FI - Jonathan Siddharth (Turing) On Building Remote Development Teams


See all →






Early Bets Episodes
            



469 - An Early Bet On Rahul Rana, Author of Making Moonshots


351 - An Early Bet On Ime Essien


See all →






                            Browse episodes by category
                        



Investor Interviews 12


Founder Interviews 247


Breakouts (Startups that have grown 10x AND raised over $10M since our interview) 5


Early Bets 4



















Forward Thinking Founders



                        Forward Thinking Founders is a founder podcast where we interview high potential founders from networks like Y Combinator, The Thiel Fellowship, Product Hunt, Twitter, etc. and brings to light what they're building for the world. Think of it like the opposite of How I Built This, where we interview founders before they are successful, then if they are, we have a moment in time we can look back on in the early days. Does the model work? Look at our early interviews and you'll have your answer.
                    




Episodes


Reviews






Rate Show
















        © 2023 Forward Thinking Founders
    

Podcast Website by Podpage


















































