



The MIT CDM Guardian Angel Project









Contents


Manifesto, Project
                      and History


PING/Indivo/Dossia


HealthConnect


W3-EMRS


Gestational Diabetes


Related Work


Old Material 





 

  Guardian



                      Angel 
Personal Lifelong Active Medical Assistant 
 
This is a historical archive of an important project
                begun in 1994, but no longer running. Many of the
                references to outside material are outdated, and
                unfortunately many URLs that led to useful sites have
                become "dead" links. We make no attempt to fix these or
                to update the site with new links.





Shortcuts


Extended Manifesto


New Scientist
                      report


PING



                      Overview from BMJ


PING



                      Architecture paper
                      from Int. J. Med. Inf.







Guardian Angel is a collaborative
      project, currently between the MIT Lab for Computer
        Science's Clinical Decision Making Group (MEDG) and The Children's Hospital Informatics
        Program (CHIP), begun in 1994 to put power and
      responsibility for health care more into the hands of
      patients.  The informal arguments for this are simple: 


Multidisciplinary and multi-institutional health
          care means that every patient will encounter many care
          providers over a lifetime.


Providers and their institutions seem not to
          have incentives to share their data with others (e.g., they
          might fear competition), hence it is practically impossible
          for a patient to reconstruct a lifetime of health data.


Consider the following questions:  

Who cares most about your health?
Who is always around to pay attention to your health on an
            ongoing basis, not just at scheduled office visits?
Who constantly observes how you're feeling, how your body
            reacts to interventions?
Who best knows how you would trade off different risks,
            pain, bother, costs?
Who charges least for providing these services?

Of course, the answer to all of these is you! 
          (Or perhaps your mother.)

Growing abilities of decision support systems can help both
        patients and providers better interpret data, continually check
        to see that new data "make sense", and monitor ongoing care to
        suggest times when the patient's status needs to be
        re-evaluated. 

Therefore, we should provide you the tools to collect and manage
      your health data, to educate you about your relevant personal and
      family health conditions, to help you manage your own treatment,
      to augment your ability to observe the effects of diseases and
      treatments on your body, to communicate more effectively with your
      health care providers and with other communities of patients,
      researchers, etc. 
The Manifesto, the
        Project and History
The Guardian Angel vision is more fully explained in a technical
      report we call the manifesto, Guardian Angel: Patient-Centered
        Health Information Systems. This contains most of the text
      of a proposal submitted in March, 1994 to ARPA in response to BAA
      94-13, for the Health Information Infrastructure Program.
Our specific proposal was to build and test comprehensive systems
      for patients suffering from insulin-dependent diabetes,
      hypertension, or undergoing anticoagulation therapy.  The
      project was star-crossed, as it ran into the national debate about
      whether ARPA should or should not play a MITI-like role in the
      US.  Our proposal was initially funded under ARPA's Health
      Information Infrastructure Project.  The funding was then
      delayed, however, by ARPA's internal wranglings about whether the
      medical foci we chose were really relevant to the needs of the
      military; after all, diabetics are not accepted into the services.
      Oddly, our program manager eventually assigned our application
      area to be the care of high-risk pregnancy--another condition rare
      among active-duty military, though common among their
      dependents.  We began a cooperative project to support women
      with gestational diabetes at Bethesda Naval Hospital.  At
      this time, the Congressional elections of 1994 brought a much more
      conservative leadership to power, ARPA was renamed DARPA
      (D=defense), and its director discouraged any projects that "did
      not go BOOM."  Our effort was scaled back and then cut
      off.  Our early  efforts and results on the
        gestational diabetes problem are described below.
After early 1995, we sought support from NIH and from private
      health-related foundations for development of our overall
      vision.  Although we generally found a very favorable
      reception to the ideas, funding was not forthcoming (though we
      were encouraged by several close calls).  Mainly, reviewers
      were skeptical that we could achieve all our objectives with any
      reasonable amount of funding, and wanted empirical proof that our
      ideas would work before they would invest in supporting it. 
      Eventually, we have tried to resolve this "chicken and egg"
      problem by decomposing our efforts into various components that,
      together, will constitute the Guardian Angel.  With this
      strategy, we have succeeded in attracting partial funding, and are
      working on various components of the overall project.  The
      following sections describe these components. 
PING/Indivo/Dossia
Personal Internetworked Notary and
          Guardian
          Indivo Health
          Dossia 
Every other component of Guardian Angel depends on having a
      comprehensive life-long record of the individual's health-related
      information.  In our view, this records needs to have the
      following characteristics: 

owned, controlled by, and managed by the patient
universally available (via the World Wide Web),
but with access controlled by the patient, who can make data
        available to selected others, and can enable selected others to
        annotate or augment data
able to capture, in some form, absolutely any kind of
        information relevant to the patient's health; this means inputs
        via structured, standardized protocols such as HL7 or DICOM, but
        also by fax, scanning paper or film, dictation, email,
        observation via video cameras, etc.
secure and authenticated, to assure that only those reliably
        known to be allowed access can get at or augment the data
based on public standards and protocols, to help support
        life-long persistence and utility

Our approach and its architectural implications are described in
    
 Mandl, K. D., Szolovits, P., Kohane, I. S., et al.
      (2001). Public




        standards and patients' control: how to keep electronic medical
        records accessible but private. British Medical Journal
322(7281): 283-287. 
A description of our initial architecture and implementation is 

Riva A., Mandl K. D., Oh D. H., Szolovits P., Kohane I. S.
        (2001) The Personal Internetworked
          Notary and Guardian.  International Journal of Medical
          Informatics. 62: 27-40. 
Simons, W. W., Mandl, K. D, Kohane, I. S. (2004) The
          PING personally controlled electronic medical record system:
          technical architecture. Journal of the American
          Medical Informatics Association. 12:1:47-54.

Our colleagues at Children's Hospital Informatics Program (CHIP) have led development of
      this project, developed a prototype implementation originally
      named PING (for Personal Internetworked Notary and Guardian), and
      deployed a number of small pilot studies based on this technology.
      In 2006, that system was renamed Indivo, and in 2007 it has been
      adopted as the technical basis for the Dossia personally
      controlled health records system. Dossia was a non-profit
      consortium of large employers who have banded together to provide
      long-term health records for each of their employees, as a bet
      that such records will improve health care and perhaps reduce
      costs. The consortium consists of Applied Materials, AT&T
      Inc., BP America Inc., Cardinal Health, Intel Corporation, Pitney
      Bowes Inc., sanofi-aventis, and Wal-Mart, and covers about eight
      million employees. Walmart rolled out deployment of the system to
      its 1.4 million employees and their dependents in October 2008. It
      was discontinued
        in 2016.

The Guardian Angel project has had a significant influence on the
      development of personal health records, and has been acknowledged
      by some as the inspiration for their subsequent efforts. Among
      these are:

PatientSite, a
        patient portal that gives patients full access to their
        electronic medical records at the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical
        Center in Boston 
My HealtheVet, a
        patient portal created by the Department of Veterans Affairs
        (VA) 

These are typically "tethered" systems, in that they rely on the
      underlying institutional information systems of their provider
      organization. Thus, unlike Indivo, they do not really give
      patients effective control over their records and they don't
      support any easy way to move records to a new location or
      provider. They do, at least, provide comprehensive access to all
      clinical data that exist in electronic form. In 2007, a number of
      large organizations have adopted or re-discovered the
      patient-conrolled model:

The Dossia collaborative, as described above
Microsoft's HealthVault
Google Health, which launched in 2008 and failed
          in 2012. 


Since 2006, there was an annual meeting on Personally Controlled Health Record
        Infrastructure hosted by Harvard Medical School, which has
      brought together many advocates and developers of such systems. 
HealthConnect
Communication between a patient and providers is, of course,
      critical to health care and maintenance.  Under the
      leadership of Dr. Ken Mandl and in collaboration with W3Health,
      Inc., in 1998 we built a system that provides follow-up
      information and help for patients who have visited the Children's
      Hospital Emergency Department.  For example, (the parents of)
      a child who has had stitches to repair a laceration get a Web
      address and password that gives customized, day-by-day follow-up
      information for this visit.  It reminds the patient to
      continue taking the prescribed antibiotics, teaches how and when
      to change the dressing, describes and shows how the healing wound
      should look after various lengths of time and demonstrates
      conditions under which medical attention should be sought. 
      This content in fact changed from day to day, as different actions
      and concerns became appropriate during the follow-up period. 
      We created Web content appropriate for about two weeks of
      follow-up care for conditions that account for about half the ED
      visits.  For each patient, the ED doctor could customize the
      daily content, typically by adding or modifying advice about
      unusual conditions specific to the patient.
One of the critical factors in designing a Web-based health
      delivery system is the "digital divide"--impoverished access to
      computer and communication technology for impoverished members of
      society.  We have found that access does in fact vary with
      economic status, but we also see year-to-year improvements in
      access even by the hospital's poorest clients.  Anecdotally,
      we were pleased when a mother living in a homeless shelter was
      delighted to receive her access instructions, happy that she
      finally had some reason to try out the computer at her
      shelter.  The system provides all its functionality through a
      Web browser and uses SSL encryption, so information is encrypted
      in transit and no confidential information is stored on the user's
      machine.  This enables private communication even over public
      terminals such as those many find at schools, libraries, employers
      or shelters.  To make this possible, "email" in the system is
      not actually delivered as email but as messages accessible to the
      user when visiting their custom site.
HealthConnect is described in

Mandl, K. D., Kohane, I. S. HealthConnect:
          clinical grade patient-physician communication.  Proc
          AMIA Symp 1999;(1-2)849-53.

More general doctor-patient email communications and related
      social equity issues are discussed in

Mandl, K. D., Katz, S. B., Kohane, I. S. Social

            equity and access to the World Wide Web and E-mail:
            implications for design and implementation of medical
            applications. Proc AMIA Symp 1998:215-9.
Mandl, K. D., Kohane, I. S., Brandt, A. M.
          
            Electronic patient-physician communication: problems and
            promise. Ann Intern Med 1998;129(6):495-500.
Mandl, K. D., Feit, S., Pena, B. M. G., Kohane,
          I. S. Growth
            and determinants of access in patient e-mail and Internet
            use. Arch Pediatr Adolesc Med 2000;154:508-11.

W3-EMRS: World Wide
        Web based Electronic Medical Record System
W3-EMRS is a virtual medical record that can be assembled from
      data about a patient held in various forms by a number of
      different institutions.  Our initial foray into medical
      record systems architecture and development began in 1994, at
      about the same time as our initial work on Guardian Angel. 
      We had observed that many institutions were collecting more and
      more clinical data about patients, but each in its often unique,
      proprietary, historically-developed, incompatible forms. 
      Inspired by the rocketing success of the early World Wide Web, we
      believed that the records sharing part of the Guardian Angel
      vision could be solved by using the same kinds of methods as the
      Web to provide a seamless virtual shared record that any patient
      (or any provider caring for the patient) could assemble on-the-fly
      from whatever institutional systems held those records.  To
      accomplish this, we used four architectural principles:

Deal only with a modest subset of all possible records, so
        that most source systems would be likely to contain and support
        them.  Our initial demonstrations systems included the
        following:

demographics
allergies
problem list
visit history
notes, letters and discharge summaries
medications


immunizations
laboratory
reports on other tests, such as radiology
images (though this was not implemented)

Assemble and display data as needed, and do not create a
        permanent centralized repository of clinical information about
        patients.  We felt that issues of data confidentiality,
        proprietary interests, and a history of political opposition to
        "national medical databases" required this distributed,
        ephemeral treatment of data.
Use a common communication standard for representing and
        communicating clinical content.  We adopted HL7 whenever it
        proved comprehensive and unambiguous, and several extensions
        where it was (at that time) inadequate.  Because most
        existing systems did not provide HL7 as an output option, we
        developed customized site servers for each source site
        that could translate our queries into local retrieval operations
        on the information system and could then encode the responses
        into HL7 for use by other components of our system.
Use Web Consortium (W3C)
        standards to leverage rapid development and deployment of
        advanced technologies, mostly driven by non-health uses. 
        For example, our user interface is a Web browser, we rely on
        communication security provided by SSL, and we adopt the
        stateless communication model popularized by the Web.

These choices made our implementation efforts enormously easier
      than that experienced by earlier projects, and freed us from
      problems of software distribution and installation, the need for
      sophisticated client computers, etc.  The references describe
      the architecture, implementation choices, policy development for
      controlling the privacy of information to be shared, extensions of
      the architecture to real-time monitoring scenarios, etc.
Ultimately, this architecture was successfully adopted by several
      projects that operate internally to a single controlling
      institution.  Despite having built a working prototype of a
      system to share clinical data among Boston-area emergency
      departments, however, we found institutional suspicion and
      resistance impossible to overcome, because no institution wanted
      to give access to its patients' records to other, competing
      institutions.  This observation has led us to our current
      PING concept: all institutions owe access to data to the patient,
      so if the patient effectively controls the data, it cannot be
      denied by anyone else to providers the patient selects.

Kohane, I. S., Greenspun, P., Fackler, J., et al.
        (1996). Building
          National Electronic Medical Record Systems via the World Wide
          Web. J Am Med Inform Assoc 3(3): 191-207.
Kohane, I. S., van Wingerde, F. J., Fackler, J. C., et al.
        (1996). Sharing
          electronic medical records across multiple heterogeneous and
          competing institutions. Proc AMIA Annu Fall Symp:
        608-12.
van Wingerde, F. J., Schindler, J., Kilbridge, P., et al.
        (1996). Using
          HL7 and the World Wide Web for unifying patient data from
          remote databases. Proc AMIA Annu Fall Symp: 643-7.
Wang, K., van Wingerde, F. J., Bradshaw, K., et al.
        (1997). A
          Java-based multi-institutional medical information retrieval
          system. Proc AMIA Annu Fall Symp: 538-42.
Fraser, H. S. F., Kohane, I. S. and Long, W. J. (1997). Using
          the technology of the world wide web to manage clinical
          information. BMJ 314(7094): 1600-.
Rind, D. M., Kohane, I. S., Szolovits, P., et al.
        (1997). Maintaining
          the Confidentiality of Medical Records Shared over the
          Internet and the World Wide Web. Ann Intern Med 1997(127):
        138-141.
Halamka, J. D., Szolovits, P., Rind, D. and Safran, C. (1997).
         A
          WWW implementation of national recommendations for protecting
          electronic health information. J Am Med Inform Assoc
4(6): 458-64.

More
        details on this project, are still on-line, though
      unfortunately a machine failure makes the demonstration database
      no longer accessible.
The Gestational Diabetes
        Prototype
Our initial ARPA-funded effort, in 1994-5, was to develop a suite
      of tools for use by women with gestational diabetes being cared
      for at the Bethesda Naval Hospital.  Gestational diabetes is
      a condition that sometimes develops during pregnancy, and usually
      clears up after delivery.  Treatment is aimed toward limiting
      the patient's hyperglycemia (high blood sugar) by diet or drug
      treatment.  The objective is both to protect the mother's
      health and to prevent two dangerous conditions for the baby: an
      abnormal increase in the amount of amniotic fluid that can induce
      early labor, and the baby's overproduction of insulin to process
      extra sugar from the mother, which can lead to a rebound effect
      where the newborn becomes hypoglycemic after birth.
We planned to build two major components, one to be used by the
      mother, the other for the clinic.  The home system was to
      support the following:

A dietary module that would allow the user to collect data
        about her eating habits, calculate exchange units, and suggest
        generic or specific diet changes that would be likely to control
        mild gestational diabetes.
A glucometer module that communicates with a glucometer to
        collect serum glucose data from women for whom early dietary
        intervention did not control their diabetes.  This module
        uploaded data from a modern glucometer, displayed and analyzed
        the temporal pattern for the patient, and communicated these
        data to the clinic.
An insulin prescription module that calculated and suggested
        appropriate doses of short and long-term insulin preparations
        based on glucose levels, diet and exercise.
Educational and motivational material to explain how to use
        the glucometer and how to inject insulin. This included text,
        diagrams and 
Links to other educational material that explains the
        physiology of diabetes, its effects on the developing fetus, the
        logic behind strategies of control, etc.
A communication module that downloaded lab test results and
        other analytical data from the clinic to the patient.
Scheduling features to manage planned clinic visits and tests
        to be performed.
A secure patient/provider pseudo-email system to facilitate ad
        hoc communication with the clinic nurse, dietician and OB/GYN
        specialists.

The clinic system was to provide the following:

An overview of the status of all patients currently being
        followed by the clinic.  This was to be superposed on a
        timeline that indicated gestational age of the fetus, expected
        delivery date, and planned visits, coordinated with the clinic
        schedule.
Drill-down to specific records of the individual patient,
        allowing both "at a glance" and detailed examination of the
        records for a case.
Communications to support the exchange of data with the home
        system.
Analysis functions to permit aggregate study of the experience
        of cohorts of patients and the effectiveness of various
        intervention strategies.

Although we built many parts of the home system, the project
      ended before the clinic system could be built and before the
      entire system could be integrated and deployed.  As a result,
      no publications resulted.  Nevertheless, internal notes are available that discuss
      some of the design issues and show at least static images of parts
      of what got built.
Related Work
Patient-centered medical care has been a hot topic in medical
      computing circles for a number of years.  The annual meeting
      of AMIA in 1993, for example, was subtitled "Patient Centered
      Computing."  Alas, much of this focus is more hype than
      reality.  For example, one innovation claimed by a presenter
      at that meeting was to recognize that data about a single patient
      from different departmental systems at a hospital should all be
      accessible together.  This is certainly a useful and
      long-overdue capability, but "patient-centered" in only the
      weakest sense.  Below, we mention a few of the efforts we
      know that come closer to the spirit.  We do not here attempt
      to survey the field.
Several companies have been early to create systems that allow a
      patient to store and retrieve personal health records on a Web
      server.  For example, the initial record system created
      by VitalWorks gave patients a convenient way to record information
      about their health, doctor's visits, medications, etc.  The
      difficulty in most such systems, including theirs, is that all
      information must be put into the system by hand, and there are no
      facilities to deliver these data in any systematic way to
      providers.  VitalWorks' business model apparently changed,
      and as of 2007 seem no longer to be operating. Other companies
      that support collection of patient data now also often couple this
      activity with some other use of the data.  For example,
      Doctor Global enables a patient-contributed health record in order
      to support remote consultations (or second opinions) by their
      medical staff. Most similar efforts known to us have also suffered
      from the closed, proprietary nature of their record systems,
      including such well-known ones as WebMD, which at
      one time also offered a personal health record but today mainly
      supplied generic medical information.  There is no easy way
      to extract data entered into one of these for subsequent use in a
      different system, and the facilities and motivations to enter data
      seemed not to be enough to get the systems used.  Our Boston
      colleagues Schoenberg and Safran proposed a 
        Web-based record keeping system architecturally similar to
      PING.
Integrating record keeping with other aspects of the ongoing
      activities of health care is a more difficult challenge, and is
      required to achieve the goals of Guardian Angel.  A few
      projects that more closely approximate these goals have
      incorporated many of its patient education and communication
      functions, typically focused on specific diseases.  An early
      effort at IBM Research developed educational laser disks and a
      home computer system to educate and support parents of leukemic
      children in administering their therapy at home.  Some
      systems have focused on patient (or caretaker) communications for
      mutual support and education.  For example, Brennan's system
      in Cleveland supported a community of caregivers for Alzheimer's
      patients.  Our Boston colleagues' Baby CareLink system
      provided visual communication between a hospitalized baby and his
      or her parents, and educational material to prepare the parents
      for later home care (Gray, J. E., Safran, C., Davis, R. B., et
        al. (2000). Baby CareLink:
        using the internet and telemedicine to improve care for
        high-risk infants. Pediatrics 106(6):
      1318-24.).  An interesting but incomplete system at
      Pittsburgh supported patients who had questions about their
      neurological condition (Buchanan, B. G., Carenini, G., Mittal, V.
      O. and Moore, J. D. (1998). Designing
        computer-based frameworks that facilitate doctor-patient
        collaboration. Artif Intell Med 12(2):
      169-91.).
Note: This section is quite
        incomplete and out of date.  Caveat emptor!
The material below is from Jon Doyle's construction of the "old"
      (1990's) GA page, and undoubtedly contains useful material that
      should be incorporated or linked to the new version, but thus far
      are just presented as they were.

--Peter Szolovits, Feb. 1, 2001
      Slightly updated Sep. 30, 2016


The Guardian Angel Consortium
MIT, Tufts NEMC,
        Childrens Hospital (Boston)
GA-INFO@GA.ORG
http://www.ga.org/ga





What's New!

Manifesto
Project Status


People
Publications
Other links


Patient
                Education Materials 


Internal



                Information (MIT sites only) 




 

Current health information systems are built for the convenience
      of health care providers and consequently yield fragmented patient
      records in which medically relevant lifelong information is
      sometimes incomplete, incorrect, or inaccessible. We are
      constructing information systems centered on the individual
      patient instead of the provider, in which a set of guardian
        angel (GA) software agents integrates all health-related
      concerns, including medically-relevant legal and financial
      information, about an individual (its subject). This
      personal system will help track, manage, and interpret the
      subject's health history, and offer advice to both patient and
      provider. Minimally, the system will maintain comprehensive,
      cumulative, correct, and coherent medical records, accessible in a
      timely manner as the subject moves through life, work assignments,
      and health care providers. Each GA is an active process that
      performs several important functions: it collects patient data; it
      checks, interprets, and explains to the subject medically-relevant
      facts and plans; it adapts its advice based on the subject's prior
      experiences and stated preferences; it performs sanity checks
      on both medical efficacy and cost-effectiveness of diagnostic
      conclusions and therapeutic plans; it monitors progress; it
      interfaces to software agents of providers, insurers, etc.; and it
      helps educate, encourage, and inform the patient. All this serves
      to improve the quality of medical decision-making, increase
      patient compliance, and minimize iatrogenic disease and medical
      errors.
For more information, write to ga-info@ga.org.


 

 Last modified: 10/1/2008
     
Fern DeOliveira
Accessibility
 Back to Top 
 CDM
          Projects


