





















Great Circle Mapper













Great Circle Mapper














FAQ
Featured Maps
More
Home




 Quick Usage Guide


Every page on the Great Circle Mapper has a text-entry box at the top with a choice of actions:





Action
Description
Example



Map paths
SFO-NRT-SIN,SFO-HKG-SIN



Map ranges
9380nm@LHR


Calculate path distances
LHR-SYD,LHR-HKG-SYD



Search for locations by name
Chicago



Detailed information related to a code
ORD





 Featured Map: Hurricane Idalia Versus Tampa



30 August 2023 – Permalink – Archives of Featured Maps



Although Hurricane Idalia's path is west of Florida's peninsula,
that's not good news since the hurricane gains energy over the waters of the
Gulf of México, which means the most energetic parts of the hurricane are
to the east of its path. That puts
Tampa International Airport
squarely in the hurricane's wrath. In response, the airport closed to
commercial operations beginning at 12:01 am Tuesday.

After the closure on Tuesday, Southwest operated five ferry flights to
Chicago Midway and
Dallas Love Field
(two flights to each) and to
Atlanta and
Houston Hobby.

A bit later in the day, freight dogs operated five flights out of Tampa:
Atlas flew to Cincinnati,
UPS flew to
Louisville and
Philadelphia,
and FedEx Express flew to
Memphis and
Indianapolis.
The last departures appear to have been medevac Lear Jets, escaping to
Ft. Lauderdale
plus one to
Grand Turk.
(A few helicopter flights departed TPA but returned, hopefully to secure hangars.)

Today's Featured Map shows Tuesday's flights to escape Tampa ahead of the
hurricane.


References and additional information:

Hurricane Idalia – National Hurrican Center (29 August 2023)
Tampa International Airport

Tampa International Airport to close early Tuesday ahead of potential major hurricane (28 August 2023)
Answers to common questions about TPA's Idalia response (28 August 2023)

Departures: Tampa Intl Airport (Tampa, FL) [KTPA] – FlightAware
Southwest Airlines
Atlas Air
UPS
FedEx Express




 




Information on this site may not be accurate or current and is not valid for flight planning or navigation. No warranty of fitness for any purpose is made or implied. Flight planning and navigation should only be done using official charts.

Copyright © 1996-2023
Karl L. Swartz.
All rights reserved.
The Great Circle Mapper name and logo are trademarks of the Great Circle Mapper.
All other trademarks mentioned herein belong to their respective owners.
Please see credits for attributions and further copyright information.

   
  



