



Organize, Share, and Export Twitter Bookmarks - dewey.
























































Blog


Help

Login








            Protect your Twitter bookmarks in seconds
        

            Twitter bookmarks are a hot mess–we get it! So we built dewey. In seconds, you can sync, search, and export all your
            bookmarks across multiple accounts.
        


Protect My Bookmarks

Trusted by 20,000+ users who've collectively backed up over 15M bookmarks




















Give your Twitter bookmarks superpowers



Organize
Search, sort, tag, categorize, and annotate your Twitter bookmarks. Keep track of allyour saved tweets
                        with ease and find what you're looking for in seconds.



Export
Seamlessly export bookmarks into tools like Notion. With automatic backups from any device your
                        bookmarks are preserved even if the original tweets are deleted (images included).



Share
Make your folders public andshare them with the world. Others can subscribe to
                        yourfolders and get a peek into how you think.





Protect My Bookmarks








Break Twitter API limits

                        Go back to the very first bookmark you've ever saved on Twitter. Twitter API has an 800 bookmark limit for
                        sync—sounds like a ‘them’ problem.
                    






Organize with folders & tags

                        Organize your saved Twitter bookmarks
                        into Folders. All folders are private by
                        default but can be made public allowing
                        others to follow your progress, or share an RSS feed publicly.
                    












Discover content from the community

                        Discover and subscribe to over 11 million curated bookmarks across thousands of topics.
                    





Protect My Bookmarks




Trusted by Twitter power users





                        Dewey solves a major problem with bookmarks on this app. Love that you created it.
                        
@thatroblennon
                        


                        Dewey: Better bookmarks for Google Chrome
                        
@SidebarIO
                        


                        Search, organize, and export your Twitter bookmarks. An easier way to categorize all those threads you've been
                        saving.
                        
@thesyedhuq
                        





                            Twitter bookmarks, and (more importantly) the Dewey Chrome extension has been a game-changer for me when it
                            comes to "doing research" 🤩
                        

                        I'd pay 💵💵 if there was an anonymized repository of bookmarked tweets segregated by topics, account followers,
                        'no. of times bookmarked' 🙌🏽
                        
@AabhashK
                        



                            Have you bookmarked so many tweets that you can't find that one specific tweet when needed?
                        
                        Fret no more. Use @getdewey
                        to:
                        - keep your bookmarked tweets sorted in different folders
                        - remember purpose of saving them with annotations
                        - share your collections publicly
                        
@hi_harshi
                        




                        I've been using the Dewey Chrome Ext to categorize my Twitter bookmarks. so far it's pretty cool. Here I have all my
                        "torch" stunts together
                        
@JerryGordonFB
                        



                            This is brilliant. A dashboard for your Twitter Bookmarks that lets you search, sort, tag, and share
                            collections. You can even export Bookmarks to a note-taking app!
                        

                        Props to @getdewey
                        for helping make Twitter Bookmarks more user-friendly.
                        
@ProductHunt
                        


@getdewey
                        is going to save a lot of souls on Twitter. For Twitter power users like myself, Dewey is a game-changer.
                        Great work @YuriyYarovoy @AlexProber @tomharari
                        
@5harath
                        




                        Use Dewey to organize your bookmarks with multiple folders.
                        
@HelloNicole01
                        


It's a better way to manage your Twitter bookmarks
                        - Label bookmarks
                        - Sort by your favorite authors, virality.
                        
@wizzofbizz
                        


                        Love Twitter - for many years - but the product team needs to focus on value-added features.
                        @getdewey
                        are heaps better at bookmarks' organisation.
                        
@SamPavin
                        




Sick of bookmarking interesting tweets you can never find again?
Install dewey. It makes it easy to search, organise & share all your Twitter bookmarks.
                        You're going to love it 😍
                        
@OnlineToolGeek
                        


                        Organize Twitter bookmarks with a simple extension, helping you make the most of it.
                        
@abhishekshah173
                        



                            Because Twitter seems a bit unstable at the moment, I thought I'd back up my account - would be sad to lose
                            track of
                            the wonderful research I've found on here.
                        
                        I can recommend @getdewey
                        for bookmarks - for everything else, you can download an archive of your data via settings.
                        
@s_starrenburg
                        







Try dewey. Today.Start your free trial now.





                                    Monthly
                                    
                                

                                    Yearly
                                    
                                        %50 OFF


                                    One Time
                                    
                                





Monthly Pass

                                    $10
                                    /mo
 

Start Free Now




LIMITED TIME 50% OFF
Annual Pass

                                    $5
                                    /mo

                                        Billed $60 per year

Start Free Now




Lifetime Pass

                                    $180
                                    
                                    
                                        Subscription valid for infinite time

Start Free Now

















































Help
Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Operational Status
Shared Folders Directory


            © 2023 Dewey Technologies, LLC
        










