





Daft: The Distributed Python Dataframe — getdaft.io  documentation










































Toggle navigation sidebar




Toggle in-page Table of Contents









                    Get Started
                



                    Documentation
                



                    Github
                



                    Blog
                



                    Community
                















Daft: The Distributed Python Dataframe#
Daft is a fast and scalable Python dataframe for Complex Data and Machine Learning workloads.



Get Started#
Installing Daft is simple with pip:
pip install getdaft


Community#












Github Discussions Forums
Post questions, suggest features and more







The Distributed Data Community Slack
Come chat all things distributed data!





More Resources#


10-minutes to Daft
10-minute walkthrough of all of Daft's major functionality.
View Walkthrough


Tutorials
Hosted examples using Daft in various common use-cases.
View Tutorials


Docs
Developer documentation for referencing Daft APIs.
View Docs





Integrations#
Daft is open-sourced and you can use any Python library when processing data in a dataframe. It integrates with many other open-sourced technologies as well, plugging directly into your current infrastructure and systems.


Data Science and Machine Learning









Storage











Use-Cases#


Data Science Experimentation
Daft enables data scientists/engineers to work from their preferred Python notebook environment for interactive experimentation on complex data


Complex Data Warehousing
The Daft Python dataframe efficiently pipelines complex data from raw data lakes to clean, queryable datasets for analysis and reporting.


Machine Learning Training Dataset Curation
Modern Machine Learning is data-driven and relies on clean data. The Daft Python dataframe integrates with dataloading frameworks such as Ray and PyTorch to feed data to distributed model training.


Machine Learning Model Evaluation
Evaluating the performance of machine learning systems is challenging, but Daft Python dataframes make it easy to run models and SQL-style analyses at scale.




Key Features#


Python UDF
Daft supports running User-Defined Functions (UDF) on columns of Python objects - if Python supports it Daft can handle it!


Interactive Computing
Daft embraces Python's dynamic and interactive nature, enabling fast, iterative experimentation on data in your notebook and on your laptop.


Distributed Computing
Daft integrates with frameworks such as Ray to run large petabyte-scale dataframes on a cluster of machines in the cloud.













                Get Started
            



                Documentation
            



                Github
            



                Blog
            



                Community
            












