







Flavor























































Skip to content





Request Access


 

 



























Focus on delighting your customers, not moving pixels 



 Supercharge personalized marketing with Flavor’s all-in-one creative production & intelligence AI copilot 

















 






REQUEST ACCESS


























 






REQUEST ACCESS












Take the guesswork out of creatives in retail marketing 



Generate high-performing marketing creatives cheaper & faster by leveraging the power of data-driven Generative AI 



Flavor delivers a Creative AI copilot for brands and agenciesto supercharge creative production and performance optimization across marketing channels. 

















 






REQUEST ACCESS















Crafted with customer obsession by a team that has delivered planet-scale AI software products earlier at: 















  







 







 



















Create  unlimited audience-personalized, on-brand creatives 



Flavor understands your brand’s goals and target audience profiles to generate product image creatives customized for different marketing channels. Scale up creative production by easily producing unlimited variations.(videos coming soon!) 






















































 







10x marketing performance by building a data strategy around creatives 



Flavor unlocks creative intelligence to continuously understand what creative strategy works and optimize marketing ROI across all your channels. 











Why Flavor ? 















Designed on top of the 
best AI models
We’re combining the power of best-in-class AI research to offer a comprehensive one-stop- shop for ambitious marketers like you. The results? Success in every flavor.
 











Customizes to your 
brand style
Effortlessly generate visually stunning creatives that are on brand, supercharging your customer acquisition strategy.
 











Keeps your data SAFE
Your assets, WIPs, analytics are yours and yours only. Flavor is just here as your trusted ally - security & governance capabilities are not just add-on features. 
 















Works with your favourite apps and team members
Don’t migrate, integrate! Seamlessly use Flavor generated creative into your existing apps and workflows.
 











Your hands on the wheel
Use natural language cues to describe your customer targeting goals and Flavor’s AI will deliver high-performing creatives based on the description. It’s that simple.
 











Provides data driven insights
Flavor identifies high-performing creative concepts for your target audience from your past marketing efforts to provide optimal solutions. 
 




















Ready to Flavor up?
The way you work will never be the same.
REQUEST ACCESS














 






 







© 2023 Prosperous Commerce Inc. 







Privacy — Terms & Conditions 






























































