



ggml.ai




GGML - AI at the edge
ggml is a tensor library for machine learning to enable large models and high performance on
                commodity hardware. It is used by llama.cpp and
                whisper.cpp

Written in C
16-bit float support
Integer quantization support (e.g. 4-bit, 5-bit, 8-bit)
Automatic differentiation
Built-in optimization algorithms (e.g. ADAM, L-BFGS)
Optimized for Apple Silicon
On x86 architectures utilizes AVX / AVX2 intrinsics
Web support via WebAssembly and WASM SIMD
No third-party dependencies
Zero memory allocations during runtime
Guided language output support

Examples

Short voice command detection on a Raspberry Pi 4 using whisper.cpp






Simultaneously running 4 instances of 13B LLaMA + Whisper Small on a single M1 Pro






Running 7B LLaMA at 40 tok/s on M2 Max





Here are some sample performance stats on Apple Silicon June 2023:


                    Whisper Small Encoder, M1 Pro, 7 CPU threads: 600 ms / run
                

                    Whisper Small Encoder, M1 Pro, ANE via Core ML: 200 ms / run
                

                    7B LLaMA, 4-bit quantization, 3.5 GB, M1 Pro, 8 CPU threads: 43 ms / token
                

                    13B LLaMA, 4-bit quantization, 6.8 GB, M1 Pro, 8 CPU threads: 73 ms / token
                

                    7B LLaMA, 4-bit quantization, 3.5 GB, M2 Max GPU: 25 ms / token
                

                    13B LLaMA, 4-bit quantization, 6.8 GB, M2 Max GPU: 42 ms / token
                

The ggml way


Minimal
We like simplicity and aim to keep the codebase as small and as simple as possible


Open Core
The library and related projects are freely available under the MIT license. The development
                        process is open and everyone is welcome to join. In the future we may choose to develop
                        extensions that are licensed for commercial use


Explore and have fun!
We built ggml in the spirit of play.
                        Contributors are encouraged to try crazy ideas, build wild demos, and push the edge of what’s
                        possible


Projects


whisper.cpp
High-performance inference of OpenAI's Whisper automatic speech recognition model
The project provides a high-quality speech-to-text solution that runs on Mac, Windows, Linux,
                        iOS, Android, Raspberry Pi, and Web. Used by rewind.ai


llama.cpp
Inference of Meta's LLaMA large language model
The project demonstrates efficient inference on Apple Silicon hardware and explores a variety of
                        optimization techniques and applications of LLMs


Contributing


The best way to support the project is by contributing to the codebase


If you wish to financially support the project, please consider becoming a sponsor to any of the
                        contributors that are already involved:

llama.cpp contributors
whisper.cpp contributors
ggml contributors



Company
ggml.ai is a company founded by Georgi Gerganov to support the development of ggml. Nat Friedman
              and Daniel Gross provided the pre-seed funding.
We are currently seeking to hire full-time developers that share our vision and would like to help
                advance the idea of on-device inference. If you are interested and if you have already been a
                contributor to any of the related projects, please contact us at jobs@ggml.ai 
Business inquiries
For any business-related topics, including support or enterprise deployment, please contact us at
                sales@ggml.ai



