














Home || PyCon Ghana

































What are you looking for?



Search
























About  


PyCon Ghana

Team

Code of Conduct

Financial Assistance

Health and Safety Guidelines

Venue

Privacy Policy

FAQs




Events
Schedule
Speak at PyCon   


 Speakers List


Proposals

Proposing a Talk

Submit a Proposal

Recording Release




Sponsors  


Support Us

Our Sponsors




Past PyCons




    | 























                PyCon Ghana2022
              


October 13 - 15 2022, Accra, Ghana



Buy Tickets














Pycon Ghana is Back, 2022 Edition!
Excited to welcome everyone back in-person for the first time in about 3 years.

Venue: The Ghana-India Kofi Annan Centre of Excellence in ICT (AITI-KACE), Accra
        









                  ADD TO MY CALENDAR
                  10/13/2022 08:00 AM
10/15/2022 05:00 PM
Africa/Accra
PyCon Ghana 2022

                    Pycon Ghana is the annual gathering for the community using and developing the open-source Python programming language to learn, collaborate, and share experiences. It is hosted by the Python Software Community in Ghana, a non-profit organization that seeks to equip and empower society through technology, with Python and other related technologies.
                    
                    Pycon Ghana seeks to bring together professionals, industry experts, students and enthusiasts, core developers, sysadmins, and operations folks to learn about new trends in the python language. During the conference Talks, Tutorial sessions, and Sprints are organized to help train and educate both developers and programming enthusiasts who have an affinity for the Python Programming language.
                    
                    The Python programming language has become an essential tool for people from various backgrounds and careers, including programmers, mathematicians, doctors, scientists, security researchers, hardware designers, and many more. We aim to ensure the conference can reflect the diversity of our community and facilitate the exchange of ideas, knowledge, and experiences enriching the community.
                  
Accra, Ghana
Python Software Community Ghana
pycon@pythonghana.org









What is PyCon Ghana?

          PyCon Ghana is the annual gathering for the community using and developing the open-source Python programming language and other related technologies.
        








Learning
 This conferences promises some exciting learning experience to attendees. 









Networking
Get to meet and network with some of the industry
                 experts who are using python in their day-to-day work.









Exposure
Attendees will be exposed to new tools in the python ecosystem that 
                can help in our day-to-day work as developers. 







Conference overview
        










PreConf/Workshop day -



            Thursday, 13th October 2022
          








Main conference days -



            Fri - Sat, 14th - 15th October 2022.
          






Tracks



 PreConf
 Talks/Workshops




            Diversity 
          

            Open-source
          



            General Python, Web/DevOps
          
General community
Emerging Technologies
Education






Our programme





  
Workshops






  
 Talks 






  
Sprints






  
Community





Learn more.












Speakers
 Meet the speakers for this year's Pycon Ghana.








  Keynote Speaker

Prof. Nii Narku Quaynor
Exec. Chairman, at Ghana Dot Com
                  









  Keynote Speaker

Nicholas H. Tollervey
Principal Engineer at Anaconda Inc.
                  










  Keynote Speaker

Abdoulaye Diack
Research Program Manager at Google AI.
                  










Cheuk Ting Ho
Developer Advocate at Anaconda Inc
                  
              










Omotola Omotayo
Community Manager at Outreachy
                  
              










Ruth Ikegah
Community Lead at CHAOSS Project Africa
                  
              










Bo English-Wiczling
Global Head of DevRel at Oracle
                  
              










Samuel Twum
Software Engineer at South African Radio Astronomy Observatory
                  
              










Paulina Boadiwaa Mensah
Data Analyst, Medical Doctor
                  
              










Abigail Afi Gbadago
Software Engineer
                  
              










Clifford Emmanuel Akai-Nettey
Data Engineer at Bboxx
                  
              










Baah Kusi
Software Architect at Ejara
                  
              








View All Speakers










Schedule
Schedule for Pycon Ghana 2022

 Concurrent Sessions
  Keynote
   Panel Discussion
  Please note: Accra, Kumasi, etc, are just the names of the rooms the sessions will be happening from. Same venue( AITI ), differently labeled rooms
        








 Thursday, Oct. 13





08:00AM - 05:00PM

 Registrations
Room: Venue







09:00AM - 05:00PM

Django Girls
Room: Tamale








PyLadies Ghana
Diversity Initiative








09:00AM - 02:30PM

Open Source Track
Room: Kumasi








Rexford Nkansah
Software Engineer at EK Brand Consult







Omotola Omotayo
Community Manager at Outreachy







Francis Billa
Software Engineer at Turntabl Gh.







Beryl Kanali
Data Scientist at Data Umbrella







Oliver Mensah
Developer Relations Contracto… at DigitalOcean








09:30AM - 01:00PM

Humble Data
Room: Takoradi








Cheuk Ting Ho
Developer Advocate at Anaconda Inc











Friday, Oct. 14





09:00AM - 05:00PM

 Registrations
Room: Venue







10:00AM - 10:15AM

Welcome address
Room: Accra






Pycon Ghana
Event








10:15AM - 11:00AM

 Opening Keynote
Room: Accra
 







Prof. Nii Narku Quaynor
Exec. Chairman at Ghana Dot Com








11:05AM - 11:35AM

Growing your Tech Career in Open Source
Room: Accra






Ruth Ikegah
Community Lead at CHAOSS Project Africa








11:40AM - 12:30PM

IOT Based Intruder Detection System
Room: Accra








Enoch Sem
Student at University of Cape Coast











Saturday, Oct. 15





09:00AM - 05:00PM

 Registrations
Room: Venue







10:00AM - 10:15AM

 Highlights for the day
Room: Accra






Pycon Ghana
Event








10:15AM - 11:00AM

 Opening Keynote
Room: Accra
 







Nicholas H. Tollervey
Principal Engineer at Anaconda Inc








11:05AM - 11:35AM

I hate writing tests, that's why I use Hypothesis
Room: Accra






Cheuk Ting Ho
Developer Advocate at Anaconda Inc








11:40AM - 12:30PM

DJANGO DEPLOYMENT BEST PRACTICES: How to deploy your project using AWS and Railwayapp
Room: Accra








Tim Olayemi
Junior Software Engineer









View our full Schedule







Why Should You Attend?
Some events to expect during PyCon Ghana 2022









WOSS


              Women in Open Source Summit (WOSS), is a forum hosted by PyLadies Ghana aimed at improving the discourse on ladies' participation in open source. Here, talks and open discussions will be held on open source opportunities and how to benefit as an open-source contributor.

WOSS is a great opportunity for women attending the conference who love Python...
            









Humble Data Workshop


              Beginners' Day - Humble Data Workshop. WE ARE BACK! Following the success of various remote Beginners Data Workshop at PyCon US 2020 and 2021, and successive workshops at PyCon Africa 2020 and PyData Global, we are glad to have it in person this year at PyCon Ghana 2022!
            










Django Girls
Join us during PyCon Ghana 2022 for a crash course on building your own website using Python 💕. Django Girls is a free programming workshop for Women.

              Django Girls is an international non-profit organization started by two Polish women, Ola Sitarska and Ola Sendecka, to inspire women from all backgrounds to get interested in technology...










              And more 😊   
            
PyCon Ghana 2022 consists of different events rolled into one mega event for 3 days of learning and fun:

              Our PreConf/Workshop day: Thursday, 13 October includes Diversity and Open Source. On the day, attendees will have the opportunity to attend organized workshops, listen to talks and connect with other attendees. During workshops, attendees will...








I Want to Register
See more events








Latest Updates














August 9, 2022


 PyCon Ghana 


Our 2022 CFP is officially closed!


Our CFP is officially closed!

              As PyCon Ghana 2022 approaches, we are ecstatic to have accomplished another milestone.
              
              Thank you for your submissions. The Call for Proposals for PyCon Ghana 2022 is ...

Read More














June 06, 2022


 PyCon Ghana 


Our 2022 CFP is Open


The PyCon Ghana 2022 CFP is open now!

              We are looking for a wide range of presentations from anyone looking to share knowledge! 
              We want to hear from you, don't hesitate to send in a talk/tutorial proposal.

Read More














May 30, 2022


 PyCon Ghana 


Announcing PyCon Ghana 2022


Ayeekoo Pythonistas!

              We are super excited to announce and welcome you to another rendition of PyCon Ghana!
              
              We are back, after the lengthy hiatus due to being the host of PyCon Africa and the pandemic.

Read More







Read More News










A Big Thank You to Our Sponsors

Headline












View more sponsors.


















































































Get Your Ticket Now! 
Buy Ticket









PyCon Ghana is hosted by the Ghanaian Python Software Community.© 2023 Python Software Community, Ghana.All Rights Reserved.












































































Please enable JavaScript to view the tickets enabled by eGotickets.



