










Gliitch – Digital growth, decoded.

























































 














Skip links Skip to primary navigation Skip to content


         

  
Toggle navigation







Home  
Services  
About  
Contact  


CALL US: +852 6850 7956



CONTACT


         


 Gliitch
 Digital Growth, Decoded.
 Launch, Test and Scale your DTC eCommerce brand with Gliitch.co and our exclusive triple-threat agency program (Social Engine Advertising) via Facebook & Instagram advertising.



Scale My Brand
 







 






 




 










 








 








 








 








 




OUR VISION A simple process to start 
















Advertising Scaling We take businesses to the next level, scaling from 5-figures to 7-figures a month with our proven and effective advertising strategies for growing businesses.


















Scroll-Stopping Creative Content is King. We build content engines that are relevant and engaging to your audiences to ensure positive ROI results.


















Best-in-class converting Copy We provide the right words to captivate, resonate and communicate the voice of your brand that inspires your audience to take action.








 




 




 About us
 We write.
 We create.
 We scale.
 Facebook Advertising is an ever evolving platform where what may work today expires tomorrow.
 Gliitch brings together 8+ years in marketing experience with proven capability in scaling companies.


More about us
 







 


OUR APPROACH Processes first. Tactics second. 
 After kickstarting and scaling multiple companies with their advertising, we realised every company was making the same mistakes. It was always the same approach. It’s 50% skill, and 50% knowing exactly how the Facebook algorithm works.
 And we know both extremely well.


See our work
 







 





1. Creatives That Lower Costs Better creatives means more engaged audiences, beating other advertisers and lowering overall costs.






2. Advanced Pixel Setups We create advanced pixel setups with as much data as possible for maximum conversion effectiveness. 






3. Tactical Advertising Funnels Proven funnel strategies that align, drive and deliver business goals. 






4. Scaling Optimisations Utilising our expertise of the Facebook Algorithm and with the right tools to break the Ads Scaling glass ceiling. 





10000+ 
USD AD SPEND DAILY


40559 
ORDERS CREATED


20394 
ADS VARIANTS


8+ 
YEARS OF EXPERIENCE

TESTIMONIALS Trusted from our clients 
TESTIMONIALS Trusted from our clients 










 While Rahul got some questionable hair, don’t hold that against him as he has performed very well overseeing our digital efforts at Circle. He took strong initiative, setting up processes and team KPI’s – with record results.
Definitely, a dynamic mix of scrappiness, can do attitude, energy and execution. 

 Danny Yeung

 CEO / Co-Founder at Prenetics












 At Genki, we consider ourselves very lucky to be working with the versatile Gliitch team. They have extensive knowledges in all fields related to online marketing, and have been eager to learn and adapt to Genki’s specific needs.
Highly recommended.

 Ólafur Bjarki Bogason

 CEO at Genki Instruments












 Gliitch are your go-to-guys when it comes to Facebook/Instagram ads and e-commerce strategy. They are a super knowledgeable bunch and bring a lot of experience to the table.
We’ve really enjoyed working together and can’t wait to smash our 2021 goals together.

 Louis Verspreeuwen

 E-Commerce Brand Owner






TESTIMONIALS Trusted from our clients 




 




 




 




 




 





 HOW CAN WE HELP?

 Find out how we can help you push the limits and grow.
Let’s get in touch, we’d love to hear from you! Whether you’re interested in working with us, looking for an internship or searching for an advertising agency, just give us a heads up.



Scale my business today!
 







 





 Main Navigation

Home
Services
About
Contact










Copyright 2020 Gliitch. All Rights Reserved.

































